article;content
H&R;" H&R may refer to:  H&R Block, a tax preparation company H&R Firearms, a firearm manufacturer"
Oeceoclades longebracteata;"   Oeceoclades longebracteata is a species of terrestrial orchid in the genus Oeceoclades that is endemic to southwestern and south-central Madagascar.[1] It was first described by the French botanists Jean Marie Bosser and Philippe Morat in 2001. The type specimen was collected in 1970 by Jean Marie Bosser from dry forest undergrowth near Tsaramasao, 20 km (12 mi) south of Sakaraha. The specific epithet longebracteata refers to the long bracts found along the inflorescence.[2]  The conical pseudobulbs are about 2 cm (0.79 in) high and heteroblastic (derived from a single internode). The narrow linear leaves are 30–45 mm (1.2–1.8 in) long by 3.5–5 mm (0.14–0.20 in) wide and are acute at the apex. There are one or two thick, fleshy leaves on each pseudobulb that are brownish green with darker green or purplish-brown markings. Inflorescences are 0.75–1 m (2.5–3.3 ft) long, of which only the terminal 30–40 cm (12–16 in) is where the flowers emerge. The inflorescence has a series of five to seven narrow, linear bracts, which are pale yellow stained with green spots. Farther up the inflorescence, there are 2.5–3 cm (0.98–1.18 in) long floral bracts that are longer than the ovary. The inflorescence is a simple raceme with about 20 to 25 flowers with green sepals and petals with purple veins.[2]  Oeceoclades longebracteata is a terrestrial species found growing on gritty sand in clear undergrowth in deciduous forests. It is similar to O. decaryana in floral morphology but is easily distinguished from that species by the very narrow leaves and the long, linear floral bracts.[2] "
Chelsea filter;"  In gemmology, a Chelsea filter is a dichromatic optical filter used for identifying coloured stones.  The "chelsea" filter was originally devised by Anderson and Payne in 1934 of the Gem testing Laboratory of the London Chamber of Commerce & Industry. The filter was devised with the collaboration of gemmology students of the Chelsea College of Science and Technology where Basil Anderson was an instructor for the Gemmological Association of Great Britain. Since this filter allows transmission of both deep-red wavelengths around 690 nanometres and yellow-green wavelengths, around 570 nanometres, that matched emerald's emission and absorption characteristics, this filter was initially recommended to assist the discrimination between natural emerald and its simulants such as green glass, tourmaline, peridot, etc. This discrimination is possible because chromium (containing iron) and vanadium-free emeralds emit a red fluorescence when illuminated by white light that also has a content of ultraviolet wavelengths.  Synthetic emeralds were commercially introduced around 1940. These produce the same pink-red response as some emeralds through the Chelsea filter. However, although this filter is unable to predictably discriminate between natural and synthetic emerald, it has been subsequently found capable of distinguishing aquamarine, blue topaz, and their blue synthetic spinel simulants, because unlike natural gemstones, blue cobalt-containing synthetic spinels emit a red fluorescence under white light.  Chelsea Colour Filter is a UK Trademark held by The Gemmological Association of Great Britain (UK Trademark Registration No. 1473951).  Hold the filter an inch or two from the eye. Light the stone with a strong incandescent light bulb or torch, not LED. The stone may appear to change colour. The filter must be held near to the eye but there is no need to hold the filter close to the stone, even items in showcases can be examined providing they are lit by strong lights.  Chelsea Filters were also used to help separate aquamarine and natural zircon from synthetic flame-fusion spinel (used extensively in "birthstone" jewelry), as both of the former absorb the red portion of the spectrum and the synthetic spinel did not.[1]  Infrared filter Optical filter"
BC Politekhnik;" BC Politekhnik, (Ukrainian: Політехнік) is a Ukrainian basketball club based in Kharkiv.[1] Established in 1991, it played in the Ukrainian Basketball SuperLeague in 1992, 2004–2007 and 2016–2019.[2]  After the 2018–19 season, Politekhnik left the SuperLeague as it could not give financial guarantees.[3] Instead, Kharkivski Sokoly from the city of Kharkiv received a spot for the 2019–20 campaign.[4]  In 2021–22 season, the club plays in the third division of Ukrainian basketball.  Ukrainian Higher League[2]  Budilvenyk-HOVUFKS1991–1992Polytechnic1994–present Winners (1): 2015–16  Tymur Arabadzhy     (C) Team captain  Injured Roster  Roman Kozlov 7 seasons: 2012–19  Delwan Graham 1 season: 2018–19"
Béatrice Roullaud;" Béatrice Roullaud (born June 9, 1960) is a French lawyer and politician for the National Rally who was elected as a Member of the National Assembly for Seine-et-Marne's 6th constituency in 2022.  Roullaud was born in 1960 and studied a law degree. She began working as a solicitor at a notary public office before becoming a lawyer of the bar of Meaux.[1] She was initially a supporter and member of the Movement for France and campaigned for Philippe de Villiers before joining the National Front in 2011.[2]  She was elected as a regional councilor for the National Rally in 2021 in Île-de-France. For the 2022 French legislative election, she contested Seine-et-Marne's 6th constituency and defeated Valérie Delage of La France insoumise in the second round to take the seat.[3] "
Caelostomus singaporensis;"   Caelostomus singaporensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Pterostichinae.[1] It was described by Straneo in 1938.[1]    This Caelostomus article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Alemari;"   Alemari (Kannada: ಅಲೆಮಾರಿ) is a 2012 released Kannada romantic action drama film starring Yogesh and Radhika Pandit in the lead roles. The story, screenplay, lyrics and direction is by Hari Santhosh. The music of the film was composed by Arjun Janya. B. K. Srinivas has produced the venture under BK Srinivasa Productions. The film released in theatres across Karnataka on 9 March 2012. However the film is rated as an average, but the director Hari Santhosh fetched best director in Karnataka state film awards 2012–13.  A critic from The Times of India scored the film at 4 out of 5 stars and says "Yogesh is brilliant as a loverboy and physically impaired person, Radhika is lively as the girl next door, Nayana impresses you with her bold and beautiful performance, Adi Lokesh has done justice to the role, Josh Rakesh makes a positive beginning as a villain. Music by Arjun Janya has some catchy tunes".[1] B S Srivani from Deccan Herald wrote "But by then the whole drama is over, leaving only lingering sadness and dissatisfaction behind. With the underworld as the backdrop, director Santhu recounts the tale of a wanderer and lets him remain so, all his life. A rootless existence finds resonance in “Alemaari”".[2] Srikanth Srinivasa from Rediff.com scored the film at 2.5 out of 5 stars and wrote "Director Santhu has missed an opportunity to give his audience a deeper understanding of the film. Although the film is watchable, it could have been handled better and the message of the wanderer be made clearer. It is not really worth wandering into the theatre to watch this movie".[3] A critic from Bangalore Mirror wrote  "The songs are full of life and good to watch as well. The dialogues are witty in parts and repetitive in bits. If only the maker/editor had a bigger pair of scissors, Alemaari would have been a great watch. Santu, as a director, is definitely promising".[4] Y Maheswara Reddy from DNA wrote "The music by Arjun Janya is will leave you humming a few tunes even after the movie, but Neeli Neeli, rendered by Shreya Ghoshal and Javed Ali, deserves a special mentions. Simply put, after a really long time, here’s a Kannada film, you wouldn’t mind watching".[5]  Arjun Janya composed the film's background score and music for its soundtrack, with all the lyrics written by Hari Santhosh . The soundtrack album consisting of nine tracks was distributed by Ashwini Media.[6]    This article about a Kannada film of the 2010s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Yogesh Radhika Pandit Raju Talikote Rakesh Adiga Ashwini Media Networks 9 Thots Entertainment 9 March 2012 (2012-03-09) Yogesh as Pardeshi Radhika Pandit as Neeli Rakesh Adiga Ramesh Bhat Umashri Mandeep Roy Adhi Lokesh as Palavu Chandra Raju Talikote as Murthy Nayana"
Spanish Floor Clauses;"   A Floor Clause, also known as ‘Clausula Suelo’ or ‘Suelo Hipotecario’, is simply a clause that has been inserted into variable rate mortgage agreements in Spain during the last 20 years that affects the interest rate payable on the mortgage. For most Spanish variables rate mortgages, the interest rate payable is calculated by reference rate to Euro Interbank Offered Rate (Euribor) . If interest reference increases, then the interest on the mortgage also increases, likewise, if EURIBOR decreases, then interest payments will fall.  However, the insertion of the floor clause into the mortgage agreement means that mortgage holders do not fully benefit from the fall in EURIBOR as there will be a minimum rate of interest payable on the mortgage (also known as a "suelo". The level of the floor will depend in the bank providing the mortgage and when the mortgage was taken out, but it is typical see floors of 3- 4%.  This clause has been deemed by both the Spanish and European courts to be illegal, and unfair and constitute ‘abusive’ practice.  It is estimated that there are more than 3.5 million mortgages affected.[1]  The main banks affected are Banco Popular, Unicaja and Banco de Sabadell.[2]  The Supreme Court ruled Floor Clauses were null and void as abusive, among other reasons due to their lack of transparency. It is understood that there has been transparency if the information was clear and the client had the ability to understand its contents and consequences.[3]  The judgment contained an injunction that obligated to withdrawal floor clauses from some mortgages loan agreements and pay a redress to the clients for the overpaid amounts only from the date of the sentence. The main banks affected for this sentences were BBVA (400,000 mortgages), Novagalicia Banco (90,000 mortgages) and CajaMar (100,000).  This sentence set down case law for future claims. However, it opened a long legal battle to get a full refund for the overpaid amounts since the outset of the mortgage loan. That is because the limitation of the retroactivity to the sentence's date redress goes against the Spanish Civil Code.  The European Court of Justice ruled in favour of the customer and against the limitation of the retroactivity in a Prejudicial Question on 21 December 2016. That means that the European Court of Justice set out that the bank should return all overpaid amounts from the outset of the mortgage.[citation needed]  The Spanish Government passed a new legislation on 20 January to set a pre-judicial process to claim for the overpaid amounts.[4] According to the Royal-Decree Law, the affected customers can lodge a complaint to the bank to claim for the overpaid amounts due to the floor clause. Once the client has submitted the claim, the bank has up to three months to accept the complaint and return the overpaid amount. If the bank rejects the claim, the client can bring actions to the court to claim for the overpaid amounts. This process is not mandatory for the customers and its can take actions to the court directly.  Only 37.5% of the affected customers have reached an agreement to the bank throughout this system.[5] However, according to the General Council of the Judiciary, 98.3% of judicial sentences about floor clauses are in favour of the client. Additionally, there are some regions where all judicial resolutions has been ruled in favour of the client, among those Malaga, Murcia, Santa Cruz de Tenerife and Barcelona.[6] "
Frank J. Nies;" Frank J. Nies was an American architect best known for having designed numerous Delaware, Lackawanna & Western Railroad stations, at least fifteen of which have been listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places (with attribution below as given in NRHP):[1] He sometimes worked with the railroad's chief engineer, Lincoln Bush. Before working for the Delaware, Lackawanna & Western, Nies was a partner in the architectural firm Finkler & Nies, with Adolph Finkler, in Chicago in 1896.[2]  Ampere Station  Bloomfield Station  Brick Church Station  Morristown Station  Boonton Station  Dover Station  Delaware Water Gap Station  East Orange Station  Madison Station  Phillipsburg Union Station  Lake Hopatcong Station  Newark Broad Street Station (1901–03), Broad and University Sts., Newark, N.J., (Nies, Frank J.), NRHP Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad Station (Dover) (1902), N. Dickerson St., Dover, N.J., (Nies, F.J.), NRHP Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad Water Gap Station (1903), Waring Dr., Delaware Water Gap, PA, (Nies, Frank,J.), NRHP Delaware, Lackawanna and Western record building (1904), Hoboken, N.J.[3] Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad Yard-Dickson Manufacturing Co. Site Locomotive and Car Repair Shops, Kingslan, N.J. (1904)[4] Delaware, Lackawanna and Western car shops (1904), Keyser Valley, Pennsylvania [5] Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad Station (Boonton) (1905), Myrtle Ave., Main, and Division Sts., Boonton, N.J., (Nies, Frank J.), NRHP Ampere Station (1907), Ampere Plaza and Whitney Pl., East Orange, N.J., (Nies, Frank J.), NRHP Delaware, Lackawanna and Western locomotive shops (1907), Scranton, Pennsylvania ,[6] Lake Hopatcong Station (1911), Landing Road, Roxbury Township, New Jersey, William Hull Botsford, Frank J. Nies, and V. D. Steinbach, architects, NRHP Bloomfield Station (1912), Washington St. and Glenwood Ave., Bloomfield, N.J., (Nies, Frank J.), NRHP Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad Station (Morristown) (1913), 132 Morris St., Morristown, N.J., (Nies, F.J.), NRHP Phillipsburg Union Station (1914), 178 South Main Street, Phillipsburg, New Jersey,[7] NRHP Station and Freight House, Far Hills, N.J. (1914)[8] Morris Plains Station (1915), Speedwell Ave., Morris Plains, N.J., (Nies, Frank J.), NRHP Mountain Station (1915), 449 Vose Ave., South Orange, N.J., (Nies, Frank J.), NRHP Madison Station (1916), Kings Rd., Madison, N.J., (Nies, Frank J.), NRHP South Orange Station (1916), 19 Sloan St., South Orange, N.J., (Nies, Frank J.), NRHP Orange Station (1918), 73 Lincoln Ave., Orange, N.J., (Nies, F.J.), NRHP Freight House, Hoboken, N.J. (1918)[9] Houses for mine foreman and miners, Loomis colliery, Plymouth, Pennsylvania (1919)[10] Brick Church Station (1921), Brick Church Plaza, East Orange, N.J., (Nies, F.J.), NRHP East Orange Station (1922), 65 City Hall Plaza, East Orange, N.J., (Nies, F.W.),[11] NRHP Operating Passenger Railroad Stations Thematic Resource (New Jersey) Bradford Gilbert George E. Archer    Ampere Station       Bloomfield Station       Brick Church Station       Morristown Station       Boonton Station       Dover Station       Delaware Water Gap Station       East Orange Station       Madison Station       Phillipsburg Union Station       Lake Hopatcong Station   "
Shamlu-ye Bozorg;" Shamlu-ye Bozorg (Persian: شاملوبزرگ, also Romanized as Shāmlū-ye Bozorg, also known as Shāmlū and Shāmlū-ye Pā'īn)[1] is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 608, in 122 families.[2] The village is populated by the Kurdish Chalabianlu tribe.[3]  This Kaleybar County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Butko;" Butko (Ukrainian: Бутко Russian: Бутько) is a Ukrainian surname and Russian surname. Notable people with the surname include:  Aleksandr Butko Bohdan Butko (born 1991), Ukrainian footballer Oleksandr Butko (born 1957), Ukrainian journalist, editor, and television manager All pages with titles containing Butko"
Megachile forbesii;"   Megachile forbesii is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae.[1] It was described by Theodore Dru Alison Cockerell in 1937.[1]    This Megachile-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
You Are the Girl;" "You Are the Girl" is a 1987 song by the Cars, from their album Door to Door. It was released as a single in August 1987, reaching number 17 on the Billboard Hot 100.[1] It also reached number 2 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, and number 12 on the Adult Contemporary chart.[2] It was the Cars' 13th and final Top 40 hit.[1]  Rhythm guitarist and principal songwriter Ric Ocasek shares lead vocals with bassist Benjamin Orr on "You Are the Girl".[3] Both singers had recently cracked the Top 40 with solo hits, Ocasek with 1986's "Emotion in Motion" and Orr with 1987's "Stay the Night". "You Are the Girl" was the Cars' first—and last—Top 40 hit after their 1987 regrouping following the band members' three-year hiatus to focus on solo work.[1][4] It also became the second (and last) single after "Since I Held You" from "Candy-O" in which both singers shared vocals on a song.  The lyrics for the song are about an ex,[5] the music video, directed by cult filmmaker John Waters, has been described as "alien-populated".[4] In 1987, the Cars performed "You Are the Girl" and "Double Trouble" (another track from Door to Door) at the MTV Video Music Awards.[6]  Cash Box called it a "likeable pop tune" with "slick production values."[7]  The song was recorded for what would be the band's final studio album for the next 25 years, and last with its five original members, 1987's Door to Door. It was recorded at a time of personal conflict between the band members that led to their eventual disbanding.[8] Following the release of the album, there was public speculation that the band was breaking up, and within a year the Cars announced that they had disbanded.[9]  Although "You Are the Girl" was the Cars' last Top 40 hit, two more singles released from Door to Door did reach the Top 100: 1987's "Strap Me In" (number 85) and 1988's "Coming Up You" (number 74).[2]  Synth-pop pop rock new wave"
Andriy Shtohrin;" Andriy Vitaliyovych Shtohrin (Ukrainian: Андрій Віталійович Штогрін, born 14 December 1998) is a Ukrainian professional football player who plays for Chornomorets Odesa.  He made his Ukrainian Premier League debut for FC Chornomorets Odesa on 19 May 2018 in a game against FC Zirka Kropyvnytskyi.[1]  This biographical article related to a Ukrainian association football forward born in the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Nduguti;" Nduguti is an administrative ward in the Mkalama District of the Singida Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 15,955.[1] According to the 2012 census, the population had decreased to 8,638.[2]  Coordinates: 4°18′S 34°42′E﻿ / ﻿4.300°S 34.700°E﻿ / -4.300, 34.700    This Singida Region location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Fabinho (footballer, born 2002);" Fábio Silva de Freitas (born 9 April 2002), commonly known as Fabinho, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as an midfielder for Palmeiras.  Palmeiras    This biographical article related to a Brazilian association football midfielder born in the 2000s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Kansas City Hopewell;" The Kansas City Hopewell were the farthest west regional variation of the Hopewell tradition of the Middle Woodland period (100 BCE – 700 CE). Sites were located in Kansas and Missouri around the mouth of the Kansas River where it enters the Missouri River. There are 30 recorded Kansas City Hopewell sites.[1]  The sites are made up of distinctive pottery styles and impressive burial mounds containing stone vault tombs.  It is however uncertain whether this culture developed locally when people adopted Hopewell traits, or if westward migrating Hopewell people brought it all with them.[2]  The Hopewell Exchange system began in the Ohio and Illinois river valleys about 300 BCE. The culture is referred to more as a system of interaction among a variety of societies than as a single society or culture. Hopewell trading networks were quite extensive, as has been found by the evidence of goods such as obsidian from the Yellowstone area, copper from Lake Superior, and shells from the Gulf Coast in locations distant from their origins.  The Kansas City Hopewell period is divided by archaeologists into three phases based on radiocarbon dates and changes in projectile point styles and ceramic decoration.    The Kansas City Hopewell peoples grew a variety of domesticated plants, including squash and marsh elder. The majority of their diet seems to have come from wild resources such as seeds, nuts, deer, raccoon, and turkey. Their exploitation of the resources of the oak-hickory forest allowed them to establish permanent villages.[3]  The Renner Village Archeological Site in Riverside, Missouri is one of several sites near the junction of Line Creek and the Missouri River. The site contains Hopewell and Middle Mississippian remains. The Trowbridge site near Kansas City is close to the western limit of the Hopewell.  "Hopewell"-style pottery and stone tools, typical of the Illinois and Ohio river valleys, are abundant at the Trowbridge site, and decorated Hopewell style pottery rarely appears further west.[4]  The Cloverdale archaeological site is situated at the mouth of a small valley that opens into the Missouri River Valley, near St.Joseph, Missouri. It is a multi-component site with Kansas City Hopewell (ca. 100 to 500 CE) and Steed Kisker (ca. 1200 CE) occupation.[5] After 500 CE until about 1000 CE, the (Late Woodland period), the Kansas City Hopewell culture changed and evolved into different cultures. The people of this period started to live in small hamlets with two to three families and began to rely on more on agriculture. These groups are the Central Plains Village culture known as the Steed-Kisker Phase.[6]  Hopewell tradition List of Hopewell sites Nebo Hill Archeological Site"
Canoe sprint at the 2019 European Games – Men's C-1 1000 metres;"   The men's C-1 1000 metres canoe sprint competition at the 2019 European Games in Minsk took place between 25 and 26 June at the Zaslavl Regatta Course.[1]  The schedule was as follows:[2]  All times are Further-eastern European Time (UTC+3)  The fastest three boats in each heat advanced directly to the final. The next four fastest boats in each heat, plus the fastest remaining boat advanced to the semifinal.[3][4]  The fastest three boats advanced to the final.[5]  Competitors in this final raced for positions 1 to 9, with medals going to the top three.[6]  v t e"
USS Volans;" USS Volans (AKS-9) was an Acubens-class general stores issue ship commissioned by the U.S. Navy for service in World War II. She was responsible for delivering and disbursing goods and equipment to locations in the war zone.  Liberty ship SS Edward Preble was laid down under a Maritime Commission contract (MCE hull 772) on 19 October 1942 at South Portland, Maine, by the New England Shipbuilding Corporation, launched on 2 February 1943, sponsored by Miss Beverly Brown, renamed Volans and designated AKS-9 on 13 November 1943, and acquired by the Navy on 2 December 1943. Taken to the Tampa Bay Shipbuilding Co., Inc., Volans was converted for naval service at that yard, the work lasting into the following year. On 31 March 1944, Volans (AKS-9) was commissioned at Tampa, Florida.  Following her shakedown training in Chesapeake Bay and post-shakedown availability at the Norfolk Navy Yard, Volans loaded her initial cargo and got underway for the Panama Canal Zone on 11 May 1944. After transiting the Panama Canal, the stores issue ship experienced a two-day layover at Balboa, on the Pacific Ocean side of the isthmian waterway, before she sailed on 28 May for the New Hebrides Islands.  Over the next year, Volans performed a vital service to the fleet as a stores issue ship. In the course of her important but unglamorous duties, she traveled from port to port, unescorted, proceeding independently from locales ranging from the Solomon Islands to the Carolines, and from the Palaus to the Admiralties. Ports of call included Guadalcanal, Tulagi, Emirau (Green Islands), Noumea, New Caledonia, the Russell Islands, Munda, New Georgia, Espiritu Santo, New Hebrides, Finschhafen and Hollandia, New Guinea, Manus, Ulithi, Kossol Roads, Peleliu, and the islands of Guam and Saipan. In addition, she also operated for a time out of Leyte in the Philippines.  Volans, in her unsung role, provided stores to the ships that took part in the initial carrier air strikes on Tokyo in January 1945 and to the ships that took part in landing operations at places such as Iwo Jima, Okinawa, and the Philippines. She serviced some 1,302 ships and facilities, filling 30,454 requisitions comprising an approximate 137,000 items. While at San Pedro Bay, Leyte, from 23 March to 5 April 1945, Volans experienced her busiest service. During that period, she issued supplies on a 24-hour basis, supporting the efforts to secure the Philippines and also to take Okinawa.  On 10 July 1945, Volans departed Ulithi for Seattle, Washington, and shipyard availability and arrived at her destination on 31 July. She was still under overhaul at the time of the Japanese surrender in mid-August and at the time of the formal surrender in Tokyo Bay in early September. On 25 September, Volans sailed for Okinawa and arrived there on 19 October.  Volans subsequently returned to Pearl Harbor in November and remained there until decommissioned on 17 June 1946. Towed to San Francisco, California, for disposal, the former stores issue ship was delivered to the Maritime Commission at Suisun Bay, California, on 24 June 1947 and placed in the National Defense Reserve Fleet. Her name was struck from the Navy list on 17 July of the same year. Disposition: scrapped in 1965.  Volans’ crew members were eligible for the following medals:  This article incorporates text from the public domain Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships.  Edward Preble Volans Edward Preble The constellation Volans as SS Edward Preble EC2-S-C1 hull, MCE hull 772 one 5 in (130 mm) dual purpose gun mount one single 3 in (76 mm) dual purpose gun mount eight single 20 mm gun mounts American Campaign Medal Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal World War II Victory Medal Navy Occupation Service Medal (with Asia clasp) Philippines Liberation Medal NavSource Online: Service Ship Photo Archive - AKS-9 Volans v t e E. A. Bryan E. A. Burnett E. A. Christenson Eagle Seam E. A. Peden Earl Layman Edgar Allan Poe Edgar Erastus Clark Edgar W. Nye Edith Wharton Edmond Mallett Edmund F. Dickens Edmund Fanning Edmund G. Ross Edmund Randolph Edward A. Filene Edward A. MacDowell Edward A. Savoy Edward B. Dudley Edward B. Haines Edward Bates Edward Bellamy Edward Bruce Edward Burleson Edward Canby Edward Cook Edward D. Baker Edward D. White Edward Eggleston Edward E. Hale Edward E. Spafford Edward G. Acheson Edward G. Janeway Edward H. Crockett Edward J. Berwind Edward J. O'Brien Edward K. Collins Edward Kavanagh Edward Lander Edward L. Grant Edward Livingston Edward L. Logan Edward M. House Edward N. Hinton Edward N. Hurley Edward N. Westcott Edward P. Alexander Edward P. Costigan Edward P. Ripley Edward Paine Edward Preble Edward Richardson Edward Rowland Sill Edward R. Squibb Edward Rutledge Edward S. Hough Edward Sparrow Edward W. Bok Edward W. Burton Edward W. Scripps Edwin Abbey Edwin A. Robinson Edwin A. Stevens Edwin Booth Edwin C. Musick Edwin D. Howard Edwin G. Reed Edwin Joseph O'Hara Edwin L. Drake Edwin L. Godkin Edwin Markham Edwin M. Stanton Edwin S. Nettleton Edwin T. Meredith Egbert Benson E. G. Hall E. H. Harriman E. H. Sothern E. Kirby Smith Elbert Hubbard Elbridge Gerry Eleazar Lord Eleazar Wheelock Eli Whitney Elias Boudinot Elias H. Derby Elias Howe Elias Reisberg Elihu B. Washburne Elihu Root Elihu Thompson Elihu Yale Elijah Cobb Elijah Kellogg Elijah P. Lovejoy Elijah White Elinor Whyte Eliphalet Nott Elisha Graves Otis Elisha Mitchell Elisha P. Ferry Eliza Jane Nicholson Elizabeth Blackwell Elizabeth C. Bellamy Elmer A. Sperry Eloy Alfaro Elwin F. Knowles Elwood Haynes Elwood Mead Emile Berliner Emily Dickinson Emma Lazarus Emma Willard Emmet D. Boyle Empire Liberty Enoch Train Enos A. Mills Ephraim Brevard Ephraim W. Baughman Erastus Smith Eric V. Hauser Ernest L. Dawson Ernest W. Gibson Esek Hopkins Ethan A. Hitchcock Ethan Allen Ethelbert Nevin Eugene B. Daskam Eugene E. O'Donnell Eugene Field Eugene Hale Eugene Skinner Eugene T. Chamberlain Eugene W. Hilgard Ewing Young Ezra Cornell Ezra Meech Ezra Meeker Ezra Weston v t e Acubens Kochab Luna Talita Volans Cybele Gratia Hecuba Hesperia Iolanda Liguria Preceded by:  Castor class"
Salt Pond Mountain;" Salt Pond Mountain is a mountain located in Giles County, Virginia. The mountain, which is part of the Ridge-and-valley province of the Appalachian Mountains, extends about seven miles (12 km) from southwest to northeast. The highest peak is Bald Knob, at the southeast end, south of Mountain Lake. Salt Pond Mtn. joins Johns Creek Mountain at the southwest end, and the Big Mountain – Potts Mountain ridge at the northeast end, just south of West Virginia.  Salt Pond Mountain is on the Eastern Continental Divide between the regions which drain south into the Gulf of Mexico and east directly into the Atlantic Ocean. The south end of Salt Pond Mtn. drains into Sinking Creek and Doe Creek, thence into New River, the Kanawha River, the Ohio River, the Mississippi River, and into the Gulf of Mexico. The northwest side of Salt Pond Mtn. drains into Little Stony Creek, and thence into the New River. The southeast side of Salt Pond Mtn. drains into Johns Creek, thence into Craig Creek, and the James River, which drains into Chesapeake Bay.  The Appalachian Trail, a 2,170-mile (3,490 km) National Scenic Trail from Georgia to Maine, crosses the northeast end of Salt Pond Mtn.  A large part of the mountain is within the  Mountain Lake Wilderness Cluster.  This Giles County, Virginia state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Section 92(13) of the Constitution Act, 1867;" Section 92(13) of the Constitution Act, 1867, also known as the property and civil rights power, grants the provincial legislatures of Canada the authority to legislate on:  13. Property and Civil Rights in the Province. It is one of three key residuary powers in the Constitution Act, 1867, together with the federal power of peace, order and good government and the provincial power over matters of a local or private nature in the province.  Provincial jurisdiction over property and civil rights embraces all private law transactions, which includes virtually all commercial transactions. Note that "civil rights" in this context does not refer to civil rights in the more modern sense of political liberties. Rather, it refers to private rights enforceable through civil courts. This power is generally balanced against the federal trade and commerce power and criminal law power. With respect to the former, In the Insurance Reference,[1] Viscount Haldane noted that:  the authority to legislate for the regulation of trade and commerce does not extend to the regulation by a licensing system of a particular trade. It is the most powerful and expansive of the provincial constitutional provisions, and is capable of being applied in general matters and in specific cases, as noted by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council:  There appears to be no authority and no reason for the opinion that legislation in respect of property and civil rights must be general in character and not in respect of a particular right. Such a restriction would appear to eliminate the possibility of special legislation aimed at transferring a particular right or property from private hands to a public authority for public purposes. The Legislature is supreme in these matters, and its actions must be assumed to be taken with regard for justice and good conscience. They are not in any case subject to control by the courts.[2] The power has even been used to dissolve specific injunctions, such as one issued against the KVP Company in 1948 for discharging noxious effluent into the Spanish River.[3]  Property and civil rights include:  By themselves, incidental effects of provincial regulations on a federal sphere of influence do not change their true nature.[11] Moreover, the fact that a valid provincial regulation may affect an export trade or the cost of doing business is similarly not conclusive of determining whether it is made "in relation to" that power.[12]  If a provincial law affects  rights of individuals outside the province:  rights arising from contract[4] certain powers to prevent crime[5] powers to control transactions taking place wholly within the province, even if the products themselves are imported[6] and, generally, regulation of trade and industry within the province,[7] including labour relations and the regulation of professions,[8] trading in securities,[9] and manufacturing,[10] if it is, in pith and substance, provincial, ancillary effects on the rights of individuals outside the province are irrelevant,[13] but where it is, in pith and substance, legislation in relation to the rights of individuals outside the province, it will be ultra vires the province[14] "Trade and Commerce - Property and civil rights". constitutional-law.net. Retrieved 2012-10-09. Claude Bélanger. "Residuary Powers". Marianopolis College. Retrieved 2012-10-09."
Kenosha (disambiguation);" Kenosha may refer to:  Kenosha protests, aftermath of the shooting of Jacob Blake in 2020 Kenosha Pass, a high mountain route in the Rocky Mountains Kenosha, Wisconsin, a city on the southwestern shore of Lake Michigan Kenosha County, Wisconsin, a jurisdiction in the southeastern corner of the state Kenosha Sand Dunes, a feature on the northern tip of the Chiwaukee Prairie Natural Area Kenosha Comets, a women's professional baseball team that played from 1943 through 1951 Kenosha Kingfish, a collegiate summer baseball league Kenosha Yacht Club, a chartered organization on the western shore of Lake Michigan USS Kenosha Konosha, Russia"
Stylianos Pattakos;" Stylianos Pattakos (Greek: Στυλιανός Παττακός, 8 November 1912[4] – 8 October 2016) was a Greek military officer. Pattakos was one of the principals of the Greek military junta of 1967–1974 that overthrew the government of Panagiotis Kanellopoulos in a coup d'état on 21 April 1967.[5][6][7][8][9]  Pattakos was born on 8 November 1912,[4][10] in the village of Agia Paraskevi in Rethymno Prefecture,[11][12][13] Crete,[4] and studied at the Hellenic Military Academy.[14] He was married to Dimitra Nikolaidi and had two daughters, Rosa and Eirini.[15] His parents were farmers. He served as a Lieutenant during the Greco-Italian War (1940-1941) and as cavalry captain and cavalry major during the Greek Civil War (1946-1949).[16] He was a deeply religious man.[17]  Pattakos eventually rose to the rank of Brigadier and was assigned to the tank training centre at Goudi in Athens.[18]  He, along with Georgios Papadopoulos and Nikolaos Makarezos, planned and executed the coup on the night of April 20 to April 21, 1967, claiming political anomaly had made them do so.[6][19] Many leading politicians and journalists were arrested that night and were led to a hotel in Pikermi. Among them were Kοnstantinos Mitsotakis, Andreas Papandreou, Georgios Rallis, Manolis Glezos.[20] Pattakos was assigned the Ministry of the Interior.[21] He became also the vice president of Kollias government.[16] As head of that post, Pattakos made the decision to strip Greek actress and political activist, Melina Mercouri, of her Greek citizenship and to also confiscate her property.[22] Mercouri retorted "I was born Greek. I will die Greek. Mr. Pattakos was born a fascist. He will die a fascist".[23][24][25][26][27] On 25 November 1973, Brigadier General Dimitrios Ioannides overthrew Papadopoulos.[28] The following year, the 7-year Junta came to an end in the aftermath of the Turkish invasion of Cyprus.[29]  The newly restored democratic government of Constantine Karamanlis put the junta officials on trial with charges of high treason and insurrection against Georgios Papadopoulos and other co-conspirators.[30] Pattakos, along with the other leaders of the 1967 coup, Papadopoulos and Makarezos,[5] were sentenced to death for high treason, following the trial.[9][31] Shortly after the sentences were pronounced, they were commuted to life imprisonment by the Karamanlis government.[32] Pattakos remained in prison for 17 consecutive years.[33] He was released from jail on 28 September 1990 by the government of Konstantinos Mitsotakis allegedly due to health reasons[10] and was put under house arrest.[16] He was obliged to report to the police office for registration every 15 days.[34] He later stated that he did not regret any of his actions during the dictatorship.[35] In addition, he denied that people were tortured during the dictatorship, except Alekos Panagoulis and Spiros Moustaklis, who "had it coming".[16] Pattakos died of a stroke on 8 October 2016 at the age of 104.[36] His funeral took place on 11 October 2016, in Crete. Despite his requirement to his family to keep the funeral small when his death came on the news, many people were quick to attend it. Among them was Christos Pappas (member of the parliament and member of the ultra-nationalist party Golden Dawn) and many others.[37]  Pattakos was nicknamed "trowel" since he frequently appeared at project inaugurations with a trowel in hand. A staunch non-smoker, he had ordered also all the restaurants in Greece to serve fried potatoes.[38]  Greco-Italian War Battle of Greece"
Paracles burmeisteri;"   Paracles burmeisteri is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Berg in 1877. It is found in Argentina.[1]  The larvae feed on Potamogeton species.    This Paracles-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Palustra burmeisteri Berg, 1877"
Moragalla Tunnel;"   Moragalla Railway Tunnel or Lion's Mouth Tunnel is the second longest railway tunnel in Sri Lanka.[1]  The tunnel was designed by Sir Guilford Lindsey Molesworth, the first Director-General of Railways in Ceylon (1865–1871) and constructed by F. W. Faviell.[2] It is the last climb of the Kadugannawa Pass, and is considered to be one of the most dangerous and difficult construction projects along the railway line. The tunnel was bored from both ends meeting in the middle. Construction commenced from the Kandy end in July 1863 and the Colombo side in September 1863 and the works were completed on 22 March 1866,[3] with over 7,894 m3 (10,325 cu yd) of rock excavated. The tunnel is 334 m (1,096 ft) long and contains a double curve.[1][4]  The tunnel gains its name from the overhanging rock, immediately proceeding the tunnel on the Kadugannawa end, which appears to resemble the open mouth of a roaring lion.[5] "
Bank im Bistum Essen;" The Bank im Bistum Essen eG (BIB) is a cooperative bank which was founded in 1966. The bank is located in Essen[2] and is focused on a specifically defined clientele. These include the Catholic Church and its institutions. Its members are business clients like hospitals, foundations, church-related housing construction, homes for disabled people, retirement homes and other institutions of provision – as well as a number of private customers: staff members of the institutions mentioned above. By now people who do not work for the church can also become customers as well as atheists or people of other religions. Due to the bank's ethic sustainability orientation, numerous customers[3] from the charitable-foundations-field have joined the bank in recent years. Companies that are solely profit oriented are, according to the bank, not part of the bank's customer base.[4]  The BIB is as well as the Bank für Kirche und Caritas eG in Paderborn, the DKM Darlehnskasse Münster and the Pax-Bank in Cologne one of the four catholic church banks in North Rhine-Westphalia. Measured by the bank's total assets in 2016 the Bank im Bistum Essen makes place 21 on the list of the largest cooperative banks in Germany.[5]  The bank offers the whole range of services of a universal bank.  The actions of the BIB are focused on the idea of sustainable development. The bank describes its business orientation with the slogan FairBanking. The slogan means to describe the connection between economic, social and environmental responsibility. The Christian principle, to preserve creation, is routed in the bank's strategy.[4][6]  The bank's services include:  According to the bank sustainability is part of the business policy of the Bank im Bistum Essen Environmental impacts of the bank's business activities are being measured in an internal Life-cycle assessment. Goal of the life cycle assessment is to improve operating numbers for "electricity", "heating energy", "paper", "water" and "waste" permanently, to make an appropriate contribution toward environmental protection. In addition, all of the bank's own investments are to be invested according to ethic-social criteria. The bank's product range is constantly updated with sustainable products. This includes ethic-sustainable managed funds as well as the initiation and the management of microfinance funds.[7]  The bank's foundation Kirche und Caritas supports regional, national and international projects.  Since 2006, the bank offers loans worldwide to microfinance institutions. Apart from this the bank has launched two microfinance funds for institutional investors in which the bank itself invested as well and which is managed by the bank itself. The Bank im Bistum Essen eG. is the first credit institution in Germany that offers private customers the possibility to invest into the microfinance sector via a passbook.[8][9]  Coordinates: 51°27′15″N 7°00′56″E﻿ / ﻿51.45427°N 7.01546°E﻿ / 51.45427, 7.01546  Financing of social properties like hospitals and care homes Financing of housing construction Deployment of electronic bank services Asset management from savings accounts through to investments in special funds in due consideration of ethic sustainability aspects"
Savannah Ré;" Savannah Ré Simpson, who performs as Savannah Ré, is a Canadian rhythm and blues singer from Scarborough, Ontario,[1] whose debut EP Opia was released in 2020.[2]  A graduate of St. John Paul II Catholic Secondary School in Scarborough, Ré began performing in Toronto after being pushed to get onstage by the organizer of an open mic show at the city's Lambadina lounge.[2] She subsequently drew the attention of musician and producer Babyface, who invited her to participate in two emerging artist competitions,[2] and Jessie Reyez, for whom she performed as an opening act for several dates on the tour to support Being Human in Public,[1] before signing to Boi-1da's 1Music label.[2]  At the Juno Awards of 2021, Ré won the Traditional R&B/Soul Recording of the Year for her song "Solid",[3] and was nominated for Contemporary R&B/Soul Recording of the Year for her song "Where You Are.[4] Opia was subsequently longlisted for the 2021 Polaris Music Prize.[5] Her video for "Solid", directed by Alicia K. Harris, was a nominee for the 2021 Prism Prize.[6]  "Solid" was a nominee for the 2021 SOCAN Songwriting Prize.[7]  Ré performed "O Canada" at the 108th Grey Cup.    This article about a Canadian singer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
North Nottinghamshire (UK Parliament constituency);"   North Nottinghamshire, formally the "Northern Division of Nottinghamshire" was a county constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It elected two Members of Parliament (MPs) by the block vote system of election.  1832–1885: The Hundreds of Bassetlaw and Broxtowe.[1]  The constituency was created by the Reform Act 1832 for the 1832 general election, when the two-seat Nottinghamshire constituency was replaced by the Northern and Southern divisions, each of which elected two MPs.  Both divisions were abolished by the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885 for the  1885 general election, when they were replaced by four new single-seat constituencies: Bassetlaw, Mansfield, Newark and Rushcliffe.  Lumley-Savile succeeded to the peerage, becoming 8th Earl of Scarbrough and causing a by-election.  Knight's death caused a by-election.  Denison was elevated to the peerage, becoming Viscount Ossington. "
Kochánov (Havlíčkův Brod District);" Kochánov is a village and municipality (obec) in Havlíčkův Brod District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.  The municipality covers an area of 3.05 square kilometres (1.18 sq mi), and has a population of 142 (as at 3 July 2006).  Kochánov lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Havlíčkův Brod, 16 km (10 mi) north of Jihlava, and 102 km (63 mi) south-east of Prague.      This Vysočina Region location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Czech Statistical Office: Municipalities of Havlíčkův Brod District v t e Bačkov Bartoušov Bělá Bezděkov Bojiště Boňkov Borek Břevnice Čachotín Čečkovice Česká Bělá Chotěboř Chrtníč Chřenovice Číhošť Dlouhá Ves Dolní Krupá Dolní Město Dolní Sokolovec Druhanov Golčův Jeníkov Habry Havlíčkova Borová Havlíčkův Brod Herálec Heřmanice Hněvkovice Horní Krupá Horní Paseka Hradec Hurtova Lhota Jedlá Jeřišno Jilem Jitkov Kámen Kamenná Lhota Klokočov Knyk Kochánov Kojetín Kouty Kozlov Kožlí Kraborovice Krásná Hora Krátká Ves Krucemburk Kunemil Květinov Kyjov Kynice Lány Ledeč nad Sázavou Leškovice Leština u Světlé Libice nad Doubravou Lípa Lipnice nad Sázavou Lučice Malčín Maleč Michalovice Modlíkov Nejepín Nová Ves u Chotěboře Nová Ves u Leštiny Nová Ves u Světlé Okrouhlice Okrouhlička Olešenka Olešná Ostrov Oudoleň Ovesná Lhota Pavlov Podmoklany Podmoky Pohled Pohleď Přibyslav Příseka Prosíčka Radostín Rozsochatec Rušinov Rybníček Sázavka Sedletín Skorkov Skryje Skuhrov Šlapanov Slavětín Slavíkov Slavníč Sloupno Služátky Sobíňov Štoky Stříbrné Hory Světlá nad Sázavou Tis Trpišovice Uhelná Příbram Úhořilka Úsobí Vepříkov Veselý Žďár Věž Věžnice Vilémov Vilémovice Víska Vlkanov Vysoká Ždírec Ždírec nad Doubravou Žižkovo Pole Zvěstovice Czech Republic v t e"
Mason Science College;"   Mason Science College was a university college in Birmingham, England, and a predecessor college of Birmingham University. Founded in 1875 by industrialist and philanthropist Sir Josiah Mason, the college was incorporated into the University of Birmingham in 1900. Two students of the college, Neville Chamberlain and Stanley Baldwin, later went on to become Prime Ministers of the UK.  The college was established by an English industrialist and philanthropist Sir Josiah Mason in 1875.[1][2] The building of the college in Edmund Street, Birmingham was designed by Jethro Cossins[3] and opened on 1 October 1880 and was marked by a speech by Thomas Henry Huxley.[4] In the speech, Huxley considered the opening of the college as a victory for scientific cause and supported Mason's antagonistic views on the classics and theology. The college developed various liberal and vocational subjects, but forced out the artisans. The medical and scientific departments of Queen's College, Birmingham moved to the nearby Mason Science College.[5]  In 1898, it became Mason University College, with Joseph Chamberlain becoming the President of Court of Governors of the college. In 1900 it was incorporated into the University of Birmingham.[6] Students at the College were awarded their degrees by the University of London until the University of Birmingham was established and received degree awarding powers in its own right.  William A. Tilden was professor of chemistry from 1880 to 1894. In September 1893, Francis William Aston began his university studies at the college, where he was taught physics by John Henry Poynting and chemistry by Frankland and Tilden.[7]  In 1881, Charles Lapworth became the first professor of geology at the college.[8] In 1891, physics professor John Henry Poynting successfully calculated the mean density of the Earth.[9]  The Mason College building housed Birmingham University's Faculties of Arts and Law for over half a century after the founding of the University in 1900. The Faculty of Arts building on the Edgbaston campus was not constructed until 1959–61. The Faculties of Arts and Law then moved to the Edgbaston Campus.  After the Second World War, the style of architecture was not as appreciated as it is now. Paul Cadbury referred to it in 1952 as a neo-gothic monstrosity and expected it to be demolished within 50 years.[10] In the event, it was demolished in 1964, along with the original Central Public Library and the Birmingham and Midland Institute, as part of the redevelopment within the inner ring road. The former Central Library stood on the site of the old college, the library having moved to a new site in 2013, the building was demolished in 2016.  During the first academic session of the college in 1880 courses in physics, chemistry, biology and mathematics were offered to students. By 1881 courses in geology and mineralogy, botany and vegetable physiology, engineering, English language and literature, Greek and Latin, and French and German language and literature were also available. From 1882 Medical students at Queen's College, Birmingham were able to attend classes in botany, physiology and chemistry, and in 1892 the medical faculty of Queen's College was transferred to Mason College.[9] There was also a short-lived department of ‘Mental and Moral Science’, which was not successful despite funds being gifted specifically to support the endeavor in 1882.[11]  Notable academics and alumni of the college include:  Edward Arber, academic and writer Francis William Aston, chemist and physicist, 1922 Nobel Prize in Chemistry Stanley Baldwin, British Prime Minister[12] Sir Gilbert Barling, 1st Baronet, physician John Belling, cytogeneticist who developed the iron-acetocarmine staining technique which is used in the study of chromosomes Sir Nathan Bodington, Professor of classics Adrian John Brown, FRS, pioneer in the study of enzyme kinetics Arthur Henry Reginald Buller, British-Canadian mycologist mainly known as a researcher of fungi and wheat rust Neville Chamberlain, British Prime Minister[13] Lawrence Crawford (mathematician) FRSE (1867–1951), taught in the college[14] Sir Guy Dain, Chairman of the British Medical Association 1943–49 (M.B. medicine)[15][16] Hermann Georg Fiedler, German scholar Sir Henry Fowler, locomotive engineer Percy F. Frankland, chemist Ernest Gold, set up the first operational (military) meteorological service, Deputy Director of the Meteorological Office John Berry Haycraft, discovered an anticoagulant created by the leech, which he named hirudin John Rippiner Heath, physician and composer Micaiah John Muller Hill, FRS, English mathematician, known for Hill's spherical vortex and Hill's tetrahedra Charles William Hobley, pioneering colonial administrator in Kenya Frank Horton, Professor of Physics at Royal Holloway College and Vice-Chancellor of the University of London 1939–45 Henry Eliot Howard, ornithologist Arthur Lapworth, FRS, chemist Charles Lapworth, FRS, FGS, geologist who pioneered faunal analysis using index fossils and identified the Ordovician period Robert Thomson Leiper, parasitologist and helminthologist Lionel Simeon Marks, engineer and one of the pioneers of aeronautics Gerald Rusgrove Mills, publisher who established the publishing company Mills & Boon John Henry Muirhead, philosopher Constance Naden, poet and philosopher Charles Talbut Onions, English grammarian and lexicographer and the fourth editor of the Oxford English Dictionary Kineton Parkes, novelist and art historian Sir Leonard Parsons, Professor of Paediatrics, dean of Birmingham medical school, in 1932 the first to use synthetic vitamin C to treat scurvy in children[15][17] Sir Robert Howson Pickard, chemist who did pioneering work in stereochemistry and was Vice Chancellor of the University of London from 1937–1939 John Henry Poynting, physicist Dame Ethel Shakespear, geologist, public servant and philanthropist Edward Adolf Sonnenschein,  Classical Scholar and writer on Latin grammar and verse F. J. M. Stratton, Professor of Astrophysics at the University of Cambridge Sir William A. Tilden, chemist Swale Vincent,  physiologist William Whitehead Watts, FRS, geologist Wilmer Cave Wright, philologist and historian of science and medicine John Howard Whitehouse, Liberal Member of Parliament Sir Bertram Windle, physician"
Tomomi Adachi;" Tomomi Adachi (足立 智美, Adachi Tomomi, born 1972 in Kanazawa, Ishikawa) is a Japanese vocal and electronics performer, composer, and instrument builder.[1]  He has performed and recorded with artists such as Jaap Blonk, Nicolas Collins, Carl Stone, Noah Creshevsky, Yuji Takahashi, Toshi Ichiyanagi, Ute Wassermann, Jennifer Walshe, Zbigniew Karkowski, Butch Morris, Otomo Yoshihide. Adachi directed Japan's premiere of John Cage's Europera V and Variations VII. He was invited by Asian Cultural Council to New York from 2009 to 2010 and was a guest of the DAAD Berliner Künstlerprogramm in 2012.[2]  musical improvisation experimental music dance-pop"
Corsican montane broadleaf and mixed forests;" The Corsican montane broadleaf and mixed forests ecoregion, in the Mediterranean forests, woodlands, and scrub biome, are on the island of Corsica. The ecoregion includes the high-altitude regions of Corsica's mountain ranges.  The ecoregion covers an area of 3,600 square kilometers (1,400 sq mi), approximately 40% of the area of the island. The montane forests are surrounded at lower elevations by the Tyrrhenian-Adriatic sclerophyllous and mixed forests. The highest elevations in the ecoregion are Monte Cinto (2,710 m) and Monte Rotondo (2,625 m).  The ecoregion is home to several distinct forest communities, which vary with elevation and exposure.  Lower elevations are occupied by forests of evergreen sclerophyll oaks, including Holm oak (Quercus ilex) and cork oak (Quercus suber).  Middle elevations are predominantly forests of maritime pine (Pinus pinaster) interspersed with forests of mixed broadleaf deciduous trees, including downy oak (Quercus pubescens), sessile oak (Quercus petraea), European hop-hornbeam (Ostrya carpinifolia), Italian alder (Alnus cordata) and sweet chestnut (Castanea sativa).  At the higher elevations, forests of Corsican pine (Pinus nigra subsp. salzmannii var. corsicana) predominate on the warmer south-facing slopes, while silver fir (Abies alba) and European beech (Fagus sylvatica) predominate on the cooler north-facing slopes. The highest elevations are subalpine shrublands, with green alder (Alnus viridis), juniper (Juniperus communis subsp. alpina), sycamore maple (Acer pseudoplatanus), and stands of silver birch (Betula pendula).  2829 km² (78%) of the ecoregion's area is protected,[2] mostly in the Regional Natural Park of Corsica.  "Corsican montane broadleaf and mixed forests". Terrestrial Ecoregions. World Wildlife Fund."
Bluntsnout smooth-head;"   The bluntsnout smooth-head, black slickhead, cope's bluntsnout smooth-head, or Atlantic gymnast, Xenodermichthys copei, is a slickhead of the genus Xenodermichthys, found in the Atlantic, Indian, and Pacific oceans, and the Tasman Sea, at depths of  100 to 2,600 m.  This species grows to a length of 31 centimetres (12 in) TL.  "Xenodermichthys copei". Integrated Taxonomic Information System. Retrieved 18 April 2006. Froese, Rainer, Pauly, Daniel (eds.) (2012). "Xenodermichthys copei" in FishBase. February 2012 version. Tony Ayling & Geoffrey Cox, Collins Guide to the Sea Fishes of New Zealand,  (William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1982) ISBN 978-0-00-216987-5 Wikidata: Q2312937 AFD: Xenodermichthys_copei BOLD: 52883 CoL: 7G8GP EUNIS: 124580 FishBase: 5064 GBIF: 2410638 iNaturalist: 317453 IRMNG: 11121169 ITIS: 162340 IUCN: 15149335 NatureServe: 2.931902 NBN: NBNSYS0000188315 NCBI: 492051 NZOR: ab9fe8c0-4b6e-4227-a1bb-0bde8d9364d4 WoRMS: 126714"
Indirana longicrus;"   Indirana longicrus is a species of frog found in the Western Ghats of India. It is only known from its type locality, Kempholey, Karnataka.[2]  The habitat preferences of this species are not known, although it is possibly a forest species that presumably breeds like other members of the genus, with larvae being found on wet rocks next to streams.[1]  The area where it was collected, and might possibly still occur, is threatened by clearance for agricultural use.[1]    This Ranoidea-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Laartsa;" Laartsa is a village in Hiiumaa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.[1]    This Hiiu County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Manslaughter (1922 film);"   Manslaughter is a 1922 American silent drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille and starring Thomas Meighan, Leatrice Joy, and Lois Wilson. It was scripted by Jeanie MacPherson adapted from the novel of the same name by Alice Duer Miller. The film portrays the main character, Lydia Thorne, as a thrill-seeking, self-entitled, and wild woman who does not have a reputation of thinking before acting. She acts selfishly by dancing with other men in the presence of her husband and not providing help to her maid who is in dire need for her son's health. As a result of her numerous poor decisions, she is taken to court because of a vehicle accident entailing a high-speed chase she has with a motorcyclist policeman. Following this accident, she is imprisoned for manslaughter after being prosecuted by her husband, Daniel O'Bannon, who is a lawyer. After this endeavor, Lydia comes out of jail to find her husband has become an alcoholic.  This film was one of the first to depict very graphic scene of men plundering a room of women meant to represent the descent of Lydia's privileged life., and this film contained various imagery depicting life among the upper-class society.[2] Manslaughter was the first film to show an erotic kiss between two members of the same sex.[3] The film consists of a character development that added to the film's success, and at the time romance was a popular hit of the time because of the demographic that the films were addressing.  A wild, wealthy woman (Joy) is brought to heel by a sermonizing district attorney after she accidentally hits and kills a motorcycle cop.  The production of this film was completed during a time when films were taking on tremendous set processes and crews. Film shooting processing was becoming more complex, involving actors and actresses, producers, set developers, screenwriters, camera-crew and lighting, and numerously more parts. It was a film created using continuity filming which involves continuing a screen from different points of view.[4]  According to Leatrice Joy, the filming of the car chase scene was extremely nerve-wracking because she herself had to drive the car, which had been fitted with a platform to support two cameramen and the director, plus equipment. Their safety depended entirely upon her skills as a motorist.[5] Joy did most of her own driving, though in some shots the car was driven by stunt double Leo Nomis.[6] During the shooting of a prison sequence, Joy burned her hand accidentally with soup in a prop cauldron, assistant director Cullen Tate had neglected to inform her that the soup was scalding hot.[5]  Stuntman Leo Noomis broke his pelvis and six of his ribs during a stunt that required him to crash a motorcycle into a car.[7]  Manslaughter is thought of by historians as one of De Mille's lesser efforts as a director. Historian Kevin Brownlow notes that Joy and Wilson "both give far better performances than the film deserves."[8] "It is hard to believe that such a crude and unsubtle film could come from a veteran like De Mille," said a 1963 Theodore Huff Society program note for the film, "harder still to believe that this came from the same year that Orphans of the Storm, Down to the Sea in Ships, and Foolish Wives. The amateurish and crudely faked chase scenes that start the film are of less technical slickness than Sennett had been getting ten years earlier. Manslaughter is exactly the kind of picture that the unknowing regard as typical of the silent film - overwrought, pantomimically acted, written in the manner of a Victorian melodrama, the kind of film that invites laughter at it rather than with it."[8]  When a print was screened by William K. Everson for Joy's daughter's birthday, the star of the film attended and saw it for the first time in forty years. According to Kevin Brownlow, "Miss Joy thought it hilarious."[8]  Prints of the film exist in the George Eastman House film archive and the Paul Killiam Collection.  September 24, 1922 (1922-09-24) Leatrice Joy as Lydia Thorne Thomas Meighan as Daniel J. O'Bannon Lois Wilson as Evans (Lydia's maid) John Miltern as Gov. Stephan Albee George Fawcett as Judge Homans Julia Faye as Mrs. Drummond Edythe Chapman as Adeline Bennett Jack Mower as Drummond (policeman) Dorothy Cumming as Eleanor Bellington Casson Ferguson as Bobby Dorest Michael D. Moore as Dicky Evans (as Mickey Moore) James Neill as Butler Sylvia Ashton as Prison matron Raymond Hatton as Brown Mabel Van Buren as Prisoner Ethel Wales as Prisoner Dale Fuller as Prisoner Edward Martindel as Wiley Charles Ogle as Doctor Guy Oliver as Musician Shannon Day as Miss Santa Claus Lucien Littlefield as Witness"
Helena Braun;"     Helena Braun (20 March 1903 – 2 September 1990) was a German dramatic soprano. She made her stage debut in Mozart's Le nozze di Figaro in 1928 and joined the Vienna State Opera and the Bavarian State Opera in 1939 and 1940, respectively. She became known for Wagnerian roles such as Brünnhilde in Der Ring des Nibelungen and Ortrud in Lohengrin.  Braun performed at the Metropolitan Opera for a brief period in 1949–1950 with her husband, Ferdinand Frantz, as a temporary replacement for Helen Traubel who had laryngitis. She continued singing in Munich in the 1950s with several international guest performances, and retired from opera after Frantz's death in 1959.  Helena Braun was born in Düsseldorf on 20 March 1903.[1] She was initially trained as a mezzo-soprano and studied with Heinrich van Helden, a local baritone in Düsseldorf. Her early studies included roles such as the title character of Bizet's Carmen and Azucena from Verdi's Il trovatore.[2][3] She also trained in Cologne and in Vienna with Hermann Gallos and Hans Duhan.[4][5]  Braun's stage debut was in Mozart's Le nozze di Figaro at the Theater Koblenz in 1928.[2][4] She performed at several smaller theatres over the next decade, joining the Bielefeld Opera in 1930, the Opernhaus Wuppertal in 1932, and the Wiesbaden Opera in 1933. During this time she switched to dramatic soprano roles. In 1939, she performed at the Zoppot Festspiele as Brünnhilde in Wagner's Der Ring des Nibelungen. She was a member of the Vienna State Opera from 1939 to 1949, and of the Bavarian State Opera from 1940 until her retirement in 1959.[4]  She created the title role of Rudolf Wagner-Régeny's Johanna Balk in Vienna on 4 April 1941.[6] The opera was met with a hostile public response for its perceived anti-fascist themes and apparent influence of the German-Jewish composer Kurt Weill, as well as its unconventional musical elements.[7][8] However, the German musicologist Dieter Härtwig later praised the expressiveness of Braun's performances.[9] That same year she returned to the Zoppot Festspiele as Ortrud in Wagner's Lohengrin. She sang at the 1941 and 1942 Salzburg Festivals as Donna Anna in Mozart's Don Giovanni and as the Countess in Figaro, respectively.[4] In reviews of the 1942 recording, critics later characterized Braun as a "better-than-average" Countess but ranked her performance below those of Elisabeth Schwarzkopf, Lisa Della Casa, and Kiri Te Kanawa.[10][11]  Braun was married to the German bass-baritone Ferdinand Frantz and accompanied him to New York City "just for the trip" when he sang with the Metropolitan Opera.[12][13] On 21 December 1949, a week after Frantz's debut at the Met, Braun made her own Met debut when she assumed the role of Brünnhilde in Die Walküre on four hours' notice after Helen Traubel became ill with laryngitis.[14] Astrid Varnay, who was usually Traubel's replacement, was also unavailable.[15] Howard Taubman of The New York Times reported that the audience members, who were initially disappointed by Traubel's absence, were heartened by Braun's performance opposite Frantz, who sang as Wotan. Taubman applauded Braun's confident performance and concluded: "Here was a Brünnhilde who acted and sang as if she belonged in a performance of a great music-drama in a great opera house."[14] The success of her performance earned her a two-month contract with the Met to continue singing as Brünnhilde and other Wagnerian roles.[2]  She continued performing with the Bavarian State Opera in the 1950s.[5] Her guest performances included the Palais Garnier in 1950, the Teatro dell'Opera di Roma in 1952 as Brünnhilde, and the Opéra de Monte-Carlo in 1953 as Ortrud. Other Wagnerian roles in her repertoire were Kundry in Parsifal, Isolde in Tristan und Isolde, and Venus in Tannhäuser.[4] Braun's roles dwindled after 1956 when she was replaced as Brünnhilde by Birgit Nilsson in Munich, Frantz protested the replacement by refusing to sing as Wotan.[5]  Braun retired from the opera after Frantz's death in 1959. She gave a farewell performance as Ortrud in Munich that year.[5] In her later life, she moved several times and lived in Hohenpeißenberg, Wiesbaden, Sulzberg (in Oberallgäu), and Sonthofen. Braun died at her home in Sonthofen on 2 September 1990, at the age of 87.[4][5]  The Opera Quarterly named Braun among a group of "major singers heard on disc only sporadically".[16] In addition to the full-length opera recordings in the following list, she also recorded selections from Wagner's Götterdämmerung, Der fliegende Holländer, and Parsifal,[17][18] Gluck's Iphigénie en Aulide, and Borodin's Prince Igor.[16] "
McGrew (surname);" McGrew is a surname, and may refer to:  James McGrew (1813-1910), American politician, merchant, banker and hospital director John McGrew (circa 1910-1999), American animator, painter and musician Lance McGrew, American NASCAR crew chief Larry McGrew (1957-2004), retired American football linebacker Reggie McGrew (born 1976), American football defensive tackle Sam McGrew (born 1984), former American football linebacker"
1977–78 Tongan A Grade;" The 1977-78 season of the Tongan A Grade was the sixth recorded season of top flight association football competition in Tonga. Veitongo FC won the championship, their first title. The season began on the December 17, 1977. [1]  Funga'onetaka Kolofoʻou Ma'ufanga Ngeleʻia FC Toafaka'amu Veitongo I Veitongo II"
Aaron Greaves;"   Aaron Greaves (born 20 November 1977) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Geelong Football Club and North Ballarat Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL). He is a development coach with the Port Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).[1]  Greaves joined Port Adelaide at the end of 2013 AFL season. He was previously the assistant midfield coach at the Melbourne Football Club from 2012 to 2013. Prior to this, Aaron was the coach of Geelong Falcons in the TAC Cup[2]    This Australian rules football biography of a person born in the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Muzakhid Khabibulin;"   Muzakhid Khabibulin (born 2 September 1933) is a Soviet speed skater. He competed in the men's 5000 metres event at the 1964 Winter Olympics.[1]  This biographical article on a speed skater in Russia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Sergey Obraztsov;"   Sergey Vladimirovich Obraztsov (Russian: Серге́й Влади́мирович Образцо́в, 5 July (O.S. 22 June), 1901 – 8 May 1992) was a Soviet and Russian puppeteer who is credited by the Encyclopædia Britannica with "establishing puppetry as an art form in the Soviet Union." Puppet theaters in many countries owe their establishment to Obraztsov's influence. His collection of exotic puppets was the largest in Russia and one of the largest in the world.[1]  Obraztsov was born on 22 June 1901 in Moscow into the family of a schoolteacher and a railroad engineer. Between 1922 and 1931, he worked as an actor with Vladimir Nemirovich-Danchenko in one of the studios of the Moscow Art Theatre. During this period, he staged several vaudeville-style puppet shows before going on to set up the State Central Puppet Theatre in Moscow in 1931.[1]  His theatre toured more than 350 cities in the USSR and 90 cities in foreign countries. During his numerous tours abroad, Obraztsov helped to popularize artistic puppetry in the United States, Britain, and other countries. One of his best known shows, An Unusual Concert (1946), satirized bad performers. Besides more than 70 plays for children and grown-ups that he staged in his theatre, Obraztsov also directed the first short-length puppet film under the title Looking at a Polar Sunset Ray in 1938, and also a number of documentaries. In his later years, Obraztsov became enthusiastic about finger puppets. He was also skilled in puppeteering with his bare hands.[2]  Sergey Obraztsov was the President of the International Union of Puppeteers (1976–1984, and from 1984 the President Emeritus), a teaching professor of the Russian Academy of Theatre Arts (from 1973), and a member of the Writers’ Union of the USSR. Obraztsov authored an autobiography and a monograph on Chinese puppet theatre. He was awarded the USSR State Prize in 1946, named People's Artist of the USSR in 1952, and a Hero of Socialist Labour in 1971.[2] Obraztsov died on 8 May 1992 and was buried in the Novodevichy Cemetery.  The Obraztsov Foundation, established in 1998 by his family members and the Obraztsov Puppet Theatre, was aimed at preserving his rich creative legacy.  In September 2001, the Sergey Obraztsov Theatre (Moscow State Puppet Theatre named after Obraztsov)[3] hosted a week-long centennial celebration which included an international array of performers.  My Profession (1950) Foreign Languages, Moscow. Translated from the Russian by Ralph Parker and Valentina Scott. Contains many sepia plates of puppets plus a biography of Sergei Obraztsov.[4] IMPRESSIONS OF LONDON: On What I Saw, Learned and Understood During Two Visits to London (1957) Sidgwick & Jackson, London The Chinese Puppet Theatre (1961) Faber & Faber Limited, UK."
Lavochkin-Gorbunov-Gudkov LaGG-3;" The Lavochkin-Gorbunov-Gudkov LaGG-3 (Лавочкин-Горбунов-Гудков ЛаГГ-3) was a Soviet fighter aircraft of World War II. It was a refinement of the earlier LaGG-1 and was one of the most modern aircraft available to the Soviet Air Force at the time of Germany's invasion in 1941. Compared to its opponents the LaGG-3 was underpowered and, despite its wooden construction, overweight. It was unpopular with Soviet pilots, but despite this, at one point in the war, on average 12 LaGG-3s were being completed daily and 6,528 had been built in total when production switched to the Yak-3 in 1944.[1] The LaGG-3 was steadily improved, forming the basis for the more successful La-5 and La-7.  The prototype of the LaGG-3 was called the I-301 and was designed by Semyon A. Lavochkin, Vladimir P. Gorbunov and Mikhail I. Gudkov.  The prototype was later renamed the LaGG-1 and production aircraft were called the LaGG-3.  The prototype was designed and produced by the GAZ-301 factory in Khimki to the North West of Moscow.  The design was approved for production in January 1940 and in the prototype's name the I- prefix stood for istrebitel "destroyer" and the number signified the design bureau responsible (which in this case was the GAZ-301 factory).  The I-301 was a single-seat, low-wing monoplane, with a semi-monocoque fuselage, and skinned with birch veneer and plywood.[2]  The I-301 airframe was partially made of "delta wood": a material composed of very thin (0.35–0.55 mm) layers of birch or pine wood veneer, and a phenol-formaldehyde resin known as VIAM-B-3, which together were baked at high temperatures and pressures. Delta wood was used for critical parts of the airframe. This novel construction material had tensile strength comparable to that of non-hardened aluminum alloys and only 30% lower than that of precipitation hardened D-1A grade duralumin. It was also incombustible and completely invulnerable to rot, with service life measured in decades in adverse conditions. During production of the prototype, it was discovered that the adhesive used in delta wood caused skin irritation and safety procedures needed to be devised for workers.[2]  The full wooden wing (with plywood surfaces) was analogous to that of the Yak-1. The only difference was that the LaGG's wings were built from two spars. The fuselage was of similar construction to the MiG-1.[3]  The I-301 was armed with one axial mounted MP-6 23 mm autocannon designed by Yakov Taubin which fired through a hollow propeller shaft in the "vee" between the engine cylinders and two synchronized 12.7 mm (0.50 in) Berezin UBS machine guns in the cowl.  The MP-6 had 81 rounds of ammunition while the Berezin UBS had 230 rounds per gun. The MP-6 was abandoned after the prototype due to excessive recoil forces that damaged engine fittings.  The I-301 used a Klimov M-105P engine of 780 kW (1,050 hp) a licensed derivative of the Hispano-Suiza HS 12Y with a two-speed two-stage supercharger. At 2,968 kg (6,543 lb) it was heavier than its competitors the Yak-1 and MiG-1, which meant its ceiling of 9,800 m (32,000 ft) was less than both. The I-301 took to the air for the first time on 30 March 1940 and by 12 June 1940 the manufacturer's tests were completed. The test pilot, A. Nikashin, reported that the fit and finish of the prototype was very good, it handled well, was maneuverable, and could be mastered by pilots of average ability.[2]  On 14 June 1940 state acceptance trials began and it reached 510 km/h (320 mph) at sea level, 584 km/h (363 mph) at 4,700 m (15,400 ft), and climbed to 5,000 m (16,400 ft) in 5.85 minutes. Later, the I-301 reached 604 km/h (375 mph) at 4,950 m (16,250 ft) with its radiator doors shut making it the fastest M-105P powered aircraft. The I-301 had a fuel capacity of 340 L (90 US gal) carried in three self-sealing fuel tanks between the wing spars in the wing's center-section giving it a range of 600 km (373 mi). During testing the state specification was increased to a maximum range of 1,000 km (620 mi) and fuel capacity was increased to 450 L (119 US gal). Aircraft with this fuel capacity were designated as LaGG-3's while the prototype was re-designated as the LaGG-1. The test flights revealed 114 faults that needed to be fixed but the project was given high priority so most of these faults were to be addressed in production aircraft.[2]  On 29 June 1940 the LaGG-3 was accepted for production.  The first plant to build LaGG-3's was Plant No.23 in Leningrad and was tested in December 1940.  As soon they were built, the first aircraft were sent to their units in Soviet Asia.[4]  The LaGG-3 proved immensely unpopular with pilots. It was somewhat hard to control as it reacted sluggishly to stick forces. In particular, it was difficult to pull out of a dive, and if the stick was pulled too hard it tended to fall into a spin. As a consequence, sharp turns were difficult to perform.[3] Moreover, pilots reported several imperfections: badly made hydraulic systems, broken connecting rods, oil leaks, engine overheating, rapid engine wear and loss of power.  Other faults included defective landing gear, tail wheel failure, poor quality cockpit glass, poorly finished cowling panels, and poor quality delta wood panels due to rushed production as a result of the German invasion.  The quality of aircraft varied widely from factory to factory.[2]  As reports of these problems came back to Lavochkin's Experimental Design Bureau (OKB) in February 1941 no less than 2,228 modifications were ordered to be introduced into the series.[4] Actually, despite the military's doubts, the Soviet government ordered 66 series of the Lavochkin fighter, which underwent a host of successive improvements in engines, propeller, and armament.[4] The airframe was lightened as well. The LaGG team re-examined the design and pared down the structure as much as possible. Moreover, automatic slats were added to the wings to improve climb and maneuverability on the 35th Series and further weight was saved by installing lighter armament (the first four series were equipped with one axial Berezin machine gun firing through a hollow propeller shaft, two more synchronized cowl mounted Berezin machine guns with 200 rounds per gun and two synchronized 7.62 mm (0.3 in) ShKAS machine guns above and to the rear of the cowling with 325 rounds per gun, from 8th Series the axial Berezin was replaced by a 20 mm (0.79 in) ShVAK, coupled with a port Berezin in the cowling.[4]  But the improvement was slight and, thus, without an alternative powerplant, when the LaGG-3 was first committed to combat in July 1941, it was effective against bombers but it was completely outclassed by the Messerschmitt Bf 109 F.[3]  In combat, the main advantage of the LaGG-3 was the strength of its airframe and the fact that it did not easily catch fire, despite the extensive use of wood. However, the laminated wooden panels did tend to shatter when hit by high explosive rounds and Soviet pilots nicknamed the plane Lakirovanny Garantirovanny Grob, or "guaranteed varnished coffin".[4]  On the whole, pilots disliked the type. Pilot Viktor M. Sinaisky recalled:  It was an unpleasant customer! Preparing the LaGG-3 for flight demanded more time in comparison with other planes. All cylinders were ... to be synchronized: God forbid you should change the gas distribution! We were strictly forbidden to touch the engine ... [T]here were constant problems with [the] water-cooled engines in winter... [T]here was no anti-freeze liquid [and y]ou couldn't keep the engine running all night long, so you had to pour hot water into the cooling system ... in the morning. ... [P]ilots didn't like flying the LaGG-3 – a heavy beast with a weak ... engine... [T]hey got used to it ... [but] we had higher losses on LaGG-3 than on I-16s.[3] Later in 1941, the LaGG-3 appeared with an internally balanced rudder, retractable ski landing gear for the winter, retractable tailwheel and plumbed for drop tanks.[5] The result was still not good enough. Even with the lighter airframe and revised supercharged engine, the LaGG-3 was underpowered. However, despite its limitations, some Soviet pilots managed to reach the status of ace flying the LaGG-3. G. I. Grigor'yev, from 178th IAP, was credited of at least 11 air victories plus two shared. But pictures of his LaGG-3 "Yellow 6", in November–December 1941, show 15 "stars", so his score was probably higher.[6]  Experiments with fitting a Shvetsov M-82 radial engine to the LaGG-3 airframe finally solved the power problem and led to the Lavochkin La-5 and La-7.[7]  Data from Jane's Fighting Aircraft of World War II[14] General characteristics  Performance  Armament Guns:  External stores:   Related development  Aircraft of comparable role, configuration, and era   Related lists   Media related to Lavochkin LaGG-3 at Wikimedia Commons  Finnish Air Force - operated three captured examples, mainly as bomber interceptors.[11] WO Eino Koskinen scored the sole kill achieved by a LaGG-3 in Finnish colors, when he downed a Soviet LaGG-3 on 16 February 1944 in the plane marked as LG-1.[12] Luftwaffe - operated captured examples for tests. One captured example was used for a propaganda movie in 1943.[8] Imperial Japanese Army Air Service - operated one flown into Manchuria by a defector. It was used for testing.[13] Soviet Air Force Crew: 1 Length: 8.81 m (28 ft 11 in) Wingspan: 9.8 m (32 ft 2 in) Height: 2.54 m (8 ft 4 in) Wing area: 17.4 m2 (187 sq ft) Empty weight: 2,205 kg (4,861 lb) Gross weight: 2,620 kg (5,776 lb) Max takeoff weight: 3,190 kg (7,033 lb) Powerplant: 1 × Klimov M-105PF V-12 liquid-cooled piston engine, 924 kW (1,239 hp) Propellers: 3-bladed constant-speed propeller Maximum speed: 589 km/h (366 mph, 318 kn) Range: 1,000 km (620 mi, 540 nmi) Service ceiling: 9,700 m (31,800 ft) Rate of climb: 14.9 m/s (2,930 ft/min) Wing loading: 150 kg/m2 (31 lb/sq ft) Power/mass: 0.350 kW/kg (0.213 hp/lb) 1 × 12.7 mm (0.50 in) Berezin BS machine gun 1 × 20 mm ShVAK cannon 2 ×  50 kg (110 lb) bombs or 2 × 83 L (22 gal) drop tanks or 6 × RS-82 or RS-132 rockets LaGG-1 Lavochkin La-5 Lavochkin La-7 Curtiss P-40 Warhawk Dewoitine D.520 Hawker Tornado Heinkel He 100 Kawasaki Ki-61 Macchi C.202 Messerschmitt Bf 109 Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-3 Republic P-43 Lancer Supermarine Spitfire Vultee P-66 Vanguard Yakovlev Yak-1 List of fighter aircraft List of aircraft of World War II List of military aircraft of the Soviet Union and the CIS"
Renewable fuels;" Renewable Fuels are fuels produced from renewable resources.  Examples include: biofuels (e.g. Vegetable oil used as fuel, ethanol, methanol from clean energy and carbon dioxide[1] or biomass, and biodiesel) and Hydrogen fuel (when produced with renewable processes).  This is in contrast to non-renewable fuels such as natural gas, LPG (propane), petroleum and other fossil fuels and nuclear energy.  Renewable fuels can include fuels that are synthesized from renewable energy sources, such as wind and solar.  Renewable fuels have gained in popularity due to their sustainability, low contributions to the carbon cycle, and in some cases lower amounts of greenhouse gases.  The geo-political ramifications of these fuels are also of interest, particularly to industrialized economies which desire independence from Middle Eastern oil.  The International Energy Agency's World Energy Outlook 2006 concludes that rising oil demand, if left unchecked, would accentuate the consuming countries' vulnerability to a severe supply disruption and resulting price shock. Renewable biofuels for transport represent a key source of diversification from petroleum products. Biofuels from grain and beet in temperate regions have a part to play, but they are relatively expensive and their energy efficiency and CO2 savings benefits, are variable. Biofuels from sugar cane and other highly productive tropical crops are much more competitive and beneficial. But all first generation biofuels ultimately compete with food production for land, water, and other resources. Greater efforts are required to develop and commercialize second generation biofuel technologies, such as biorefineries and ligno-cellulosics, enabling the flexible production of biofuels and other products from non-edible plant materials.[2]  Hubbert's peak oil theory suggests that petroleum is a finite resource that is rapidly depleting. Of the worldwide total remaining petroleum reserves of approximately 1,277,702,000,000 barrels (203.1384 km3) (about one half of the original virgin reserves) and a worldwide usage rate of 25,000,000,000 barrels (4.0 km3) per year, only about 50 years worth of petroleum is predicted to remain at the current depletion rate. Petroleum is imperative for the following industries: fuel (home heating, jet fuel, gasoline, diesel, etc.) transportation, agriculture, pharmaceutical, plastics/resins, man-made fibers, synthetic rubber, and explosives. If the modern world remains reliant on petroleum as a source of energy, the price of crude oil could increase markedly, destabilizing economies worldwide. Consequently, renewable fuel drivers include: high oil prices, imbalance of trade, instability in oil exporting regions of the world, the Energy Policy Act of 2005, the potential for windfall profits for American farmers and industries, avoidance of economic depression, avoidance of scarcity of products due to a volatile ‘peak oil’ scenario expected to begin as early as 2021,[3] (though peak oil is not a new idea) and a slowing of global warming that may usher in unprecedented climate change.  Furthermore, the conclusion that anthropogenic greenhouse gas emissions are causing climate change, along with regional geopolitical instabilities have challenged nations to act to develop both alternative and carbon-neutral sources of energy. Renewable fuels are therefore becoming attractive to many governments, who are beginning to see sustainable energy independence as a valuable asset.  On December 19, 2007, President Bush signed into law the Energy Independence and Security Act, establishing a requirement that at least 36 billion US gallons (140,000,000 m3) of renewable fuel be used in the marketplace by 2022.[4]  According to the International Energy Agency (IEA), cellulosic ethanol commercialization could allow ethanol fuels to play a much larger role in the future than previously thought.[5] Cellulosic ethanol can be made from plant matter composed primarily of inedible cellulose fibers that form the stems and branches of most plants. Dedicated energy crops, such as switchgrass, are also promising cellulose sources that can be produced in many regions of the United States.[6]  Biofuel is a type of fuel whose energy is derived from biological carbon fixation. Biofuels include fuels derived from biomass conversion, as well as  solid biomass, liquid fuels and various biogases.[7]  Although fossil fuels have their origin in ancient carbon fixation, they are not considered biofuels by the generally accepted definition because they contain carbon that has been "out" of the carbon cycle for a very long time. Biofuels are gaining increased public and scientific attention, driven by factors such as oil price spikes, the need for increased energy security, concern over greenhouse gas emissions from fossil fuels, and support from government subsidies.  Bioethanol is an alcohol made by fermentation, mostly from carbohydrates produced in sugar or starch crops such as corn or sugar cane.  Cellulosic biomass, derived from non-food sources such as trees and grasses, is also being developed as a feedstock for ethanol production. Ethanol can be used as a fuel for vehicles in its pure form, but it is usually used as a gasoline additive to increase octane and improve vehicle emissions. Bioethanol is widely used in the USA and in Brazil. Current plant design does not provide for converting the lignin portion of plant raw materials to fuel components by fermentation.  Biodiesel is made from vegetable oils and animal fats. Biodiesel can be used as a fuel for vehicles in its pure form, but it is usually used as a diesel additive to reduce levels of particulates, carbon monoxide, and hydrocarbons from diesel-powered vehicles. Biodiesel is produced from oils or fats using transesterification and is the most common biofuel in Europe.  In 2010 worldwide biofuel production reached 105 billion liters (28 billion gallons US), up 17% from 2009, and biofuels provided 2.7% of the world's fuels for road transport, a contribution largely made up of ethanol and biodiesel.[8] Global ethanol fuel production reached 86 billion liters (23 billion gallons US) in 2010, with the United States and Brazil as the world's top producers, accounting together for 90% of global production. The world's largest biodiesel producer is the European Union, accounting for 53% of all biodiesel production in 2010.[8] As of 2011, mandates for blending biofuels exist in 31 countries at the national level and in 29 states/provinces.[9]  According to the International Energy Agency, biofuels have the potential to meet more than a quarter of world demand for transportation fuels by 2050.[10]  Pyrolysis oil is another type of fuel derived from the lignocellulosic fraction of biomass. By rapidly heating biomass in the absence of oxygen (pyrolysis), a liquid crude can be formed that can be further processed into a usable bio-oil. As opposed to other biofuels, pyrolysis oils use the non-edible fraction of biomass and can occur on the order of milliseconds and without the need for large fermentation reactors.[11]  Hydrogen fuel refers to the use of hydrogen gas (H2) as an energy carrier. Broadly speaking, the production of renewable hydrogen fuel can be divided into two general categories: biologically derived production, and chemical production.[12] This is an area of current research, and new developments and technologies are causing this field to evolve rapidly.  The biological production of hydrogen fuel has been a topic of research since at least the 1970s. Hydrogen gas can be produced from biomass sources like agricultural and forest residues, consumer waste, and other specific agricultural crops.[12] Specifically, hydrogen fuel is produced by a process called gasification, where biomass is processed into combustible gas and then burned, or by pyrolysis, a related process which can lead to hydrogen gas suitable for fuel-cell applications. One continuing subject of research regards the production of unwanted co-products in both of these processes. The presence of other contaminant gases often depends on the specific composition of the biomass source, which can be difficult to control.[12] Another source for biological production of hydrogen fuel is algae. In the late 1990s, it was discovered that if algae are deprived of sulfur they will switch from the production of oxygen, as in normal photosynthesis, to the production of hydrogen.[13] Experimental algae farms are attempting to make algae an economically feasible energy source.[14]  There are also several physico-chemical methods for producing hydrogen, most of these methods require electrolysis of water. When this process draws its power from renewable energy sources like wind turbines or photovoltaic cells, the production requires little consumption of non-renewable resources. Hydrogen fuel, when produced by renewable sources of energy like wind or solar power, is a renewable fuel[12] known as green hydrogen.  PEF is a partial replacement for fossil fuels in cement kilns. It has significant calorific value and can be used as a fuel substitute for coal and gas in high-combustion facilities. PEF facilities typically divert waste from landfill, reducing demand for non-renewable coal and reducing waste to landfill.  Electrofuel IRENA Power to gas Renewable natural gas Solar fuel Syngas"
Telrad Networks;" Telrad Networks Ltd. is an Israeli company focused on 4G telecommunications.[1][2]  Founded in 1951, the company is a leading developer of advanced WiMAX and 4G LTE base stations, Customer-Premises Equipment, and network management solutions. Since its acquisition of Alvarion’s Broadband Wireless Access (BWA) Division in 2013,[3] the company has been leveraging its R&D resources to develop a portfolio of LTE connectivity solutions. Telrad provides also AAA servers, PCRF and Billing for  LTE and for Wimax with its partner Aradial Tech.[4]  Telrad 4G products are deployed in more than 100 countries by telecom carriers, Internet Service Providers, utilities, and governmental organizations. Based in Lod, Israel, the privately held company has over 400 employees worldwide. Telrad has two subsidiaries. Magalcom is a market leader in building data centers, IT infrastructure, control rooms and homeland security solutions. The second subsidiary, Oasis Communications, is a system integrator specializing in consulting, design and delivery of highly complex communication systems.  Telrad Networks was founded in 1951 under the name The Consolidated Telephone & Radio Company. Over the course of several decades, the company grew to become one of Israel’s largest telecom equipment manufacturers and a major supplier to Bezeq, the national phone company. During its early growth stages, Telrad expanded to support two manufacturing plants, devoted to five product lines, with a focus on digital exchanges, remote switches and peripheral equipment.  As broadband technology became more pervasive in the early 2000s,[5][6] Telrad began to invest in broadband-related start-ups such as Aptonix, Be-Connected and Firebit.net, ultimately selling off controlling interests in these firms.[7] By 2013, Telrad acquired the broadband wireless access (BWA) division of Alvarion Ltd., thereby inheriting a full 4G infrastructure product portfolio, including the BreezeMax and BreezeCOMPACT product lines.  By the mid-90s, the company was ranked 16th by Dun & Bradstreet, amongst Israel’s leading Industrial Enterprises.[8] At that time, Telrad was organized into four main product divisions:  In 1996, Nortel Networks acquired 20% stake in Telrad, with a focus on expanding the Nortel Solution Division globally.[9] In March 2000, Nortel partnered with Koor Industries Ltd., a leading investment company, to establish Nortel Networks Israel.[10] As part of the agreement, they acquired Telrad Networks’ Nortel division. The company retained its proprietary product lines involving telephony systems production and integration.  As broadband technology became more pervasive in the early 2000s,[11][12] Telrad began to invest in broadband-related start-ups such as Aptonix, Be-Connected and Firebit.net, ultimately selling off controlling interests in these firms.[13] By 2013, Telrad acquired the broadband wireless access (BWA) division of Alvarion Ltd., thereby inheriting a full 4G infrastructure product portfolio, including the BreezeMax and BreezeCOMPACT product lines.  Wireless broadband technology enables high-speed connectivity to meet the need for Internet access, especially in areas with little or no access infrastructure. Telrad’s portfolio of 4G LTE base stations support both WiMAX IEEE 802.16x and LTE. The Telrad BreezeCOMPACT family of products consists of three product lines: BreezeCOMPACT 1000 and 3000.[14][15]  Telrad’s portfolio of Customer-Premises Equipment consists of a family of indoor and outdoor CPEs to support both WiMAX and TD-LTE platforms.[16] The product line delivers voice and data connectivity for enterprise or home environments.[17]  Public Networks – Digital exchanges, remote switches and peripheral equipment Business Systems – Multi-line PBXs, telephones and peripheral equipment Data Communication Systems – Data communication systems peripheral equipment Nortel Solutions – Large-scale turnkey telecom solutions for Nortel Networks"
Vukobratović;" Vukobratović (Serbian Cyrillic: Вукобратовић) is a Serbian surname, derived from the male given name Vukobrat. Notable people with the surname include:  Dragomir Vukobratović (b. 1988), Serbian footballer Lana Vukobratović (b. 1954), Serbian film editor Miomir Vukobratović (1931–2012), Serbian roboticist"
Sebastián Yatra;" Sebastián Obando Giraldo (born 15 October 1994), known professionally as Sebastián Yatra, is a Colombian singer, songwriter and actor. He began as a Latin pop artist and has recorded many ballads, but has released several successful reggaeton singles. Yatra is noted for his romantic lyrics, melding traditional lyricism with modern reggaeton influences. He rose to prominence in Latin America in 2016 when he released the hit "Traicionera". He has released three studio albums and recorded with artists from a diverse range of musical genres throughout his career.  Born in Medellín and raised primarily in Miami, Yatra began singing at a young age and returned to Colombia to begin his musical career. He achieved breakout success with "Traicionera" followed by "Robarte un Beso" featuring Carlos Vives. "Traicionera" served as the lead single for his 2018 debut album, Mantra, which also featured the single "Sutra", featuring Puerto Rican rapper Dalmata. He then released the album Fantasía including the lead single "Un Año" featuring Mexican band Reik. He received continued success collaborating with Daddy Yankee, Natti Natasha, and the Jonas Brothers on the bilingual single "Runaway".  Born in Medellín, Yatra lived briefly in Cartagena before moving with his mother to Miami at age five. At the same time, his father stayed in Colombia to work in real estate.[1][2] Discussing the experience, Yatra explained, “It was a big sacrifice. Since my dad stayed working in Colombia, [my parents] had a long-distance relationship for like 12 years.”[2] He studied piano, guitar, and vocal technique, and was an avid football player before deciding to concentrate on his music, although he continues to practice football as a hobby. The first concert he attended was that of Colombian pop singer Juanes.[3] He decided to become a singer at age twelve after landing the role of Troy Bolton in his school production of High School Musical.[4]  In high school, Yatra played the position of the central defensive midfielder on his school's football team and often wore a scarf over his mouth during practice to protect his voice.[5] He practiced performing for his teammates on the bus to and from games, performing songs by his favorite artists as well as his own original songs.[2] He attended vocal lessons every day after school.[2] After graduating from the Sagemont School in Weston, Florida in 2012, Yatra attended Babson College to study business administration.[2] However, Yatra dropped out of school to focus on music and at age 20, Yatra returned to Colombia to begin his musical career.[2][5]  In September 2013, Yatra had his first minor hit single, "El psicólogo", which charted in his home country Colombia, as well as Venezuela, Ecuador, Mexico and the United States.[6] "El Psicólogo", a pop ballad with reggae influences was recorded in the United States, and produced by well-known Latin producers Yhonny Atella and Ender Thomas, mastered by Tom Coynequien and music video shot by Colombian director Simón Brand.[7] Yatra toured with Paty Cantú in her Drama Queen Tour and with Sandoval Sandoval in her Deja Que La Vida Te Sorprenda Tour gaining more fame. His follow-up single "Todo Lo Que Siento" was mildly successful, but the ensuing "Para olvidar" became a big hit in Colombia, Venezuela, Ecuador, and yet again in the States.[8] 2015 saw launching of two successful singles, "No me llames" featuring Alkilados and "Cómo Mirarte", a repeat hit first as solo and again in a collaboration featuring Kenai and remixed by producers like Kevin ADG, Chan El Genio and Dandee.  Yatra first received international success with the single "Traicionera"[9] a Reggaeton, trap and EDM-influenced hit that solidified his status as a favorite international artist in Latin America, in the Latin market in the States also charting in Spain and finding success all over Europe. The single was classified double platinum in Colombia and platinum in Ecuador. It peaked at number twelve on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.[10] Yatra's collaboration with Colombian vallenato singer Carlos Vives entitled "Robarte Un Beso" won an ASCAP award.[11] The single's accompanying music video, directed by Venezuelan filmmaker Daniel Duran and released on July 28, 2017, features four love stories that all center around partners serenading each other.[12]  We never said, we do ‘this’ type of music, I just make songs to make you wanna party like crazy or make you get intimate with a girl you like. All these songs have a purpose and each of them are written for a different moment in life. All these beats make you feel different things. I did a trap record called 'Como Si Nada' with this guy Calle and the rap he does is mind-blowing.  – Yatra, on his 2018 album Mantra.[1]  Yatra released the album Mantra on May 18, 2018. On the album's title, he explained, “My mantra are my songs. It takes you to that good energy with whatever you’re listening to. All these songs have these positive vibes, especially in the lyrics. They’re just sharing love."[1] In 2018, Yatra voiced the character Migo in the Spanish language version of the computer-animated film Smallfoot.[13] He released the single "Sutra" featuring Puerto Rican reggaeton artist Dalmata in March 2018, which also peaked at number 26 on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs.[10]  In December 2018, Yatra's single "Ya No Tiene Novio" featuring Mau y Ricky reached number one on the Billboard Latin Airplay chart.[14] To promote the song, Yatra and Mau y Ricky publicized a "feud" between them to create attention around the track, with Yatra explaining, “It’s pretty crazy because the song blew up before it even came out. Instead of telling people it was awesome, we told everyone that the collaboration sucked and having everyone say, ‘Dude you guys messed up the song so bad.’”[1] Artists Maluma, Zion Y Lennox, and J Balvin publicly commented on the "rivalry".[1] The music video features a playful nod at the artificial feud, with the artists competing over love interests.[1]  In January 2019, Sebastián Yatra and Reik launched a collaborative work titled “Un Año” (one year). The single was well-received by many Venezuelan migrants who identify the song lyrics with separations from families.[15] The single was released alongside his new album Fantasía, which was released in April 2019. Despite releasing several reggaeton-influenced songs prior to releasing the album, the majority of the twelve tracks on Fantasía have been classified as ballads. Yatra commented, "I started my career as a balladeer. I listened to Luis Fonsi, Reik, Alex Ubago and Michael Bublé. I'm very grateful for all the urban things I've done but I did not want to lose my essence."[16] Fantasía has been nominated for Best Latin Pop Album at the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards.[17]  In June 2019, Yatra released the track "Runaway" with Daddy Yankee and Natti Natasha, featuring the Jonas Brothers.[18] "Runaway" is the first bilingual song Yatra has released. After writing the chorus in English, Yatra realized that he wanted a mainstream English-language musician to feature on the track, putting the recording of the song on hold for two years while he searched for the right collaborators.[18] Commenting on the song, Yatra stated, "you feel the happiness in the track."[18] Yatra performed the song alongside Natti Natasha, Daddy Yankee, and the Jonas Brothers on the opening night of the Jonas Brothers' Happiness Begins Tour in Miami.[19]  His single "Oye", featuring Argentine singer Tini, reached number one on the Billboard Argentina Hot 100 for the week of October 26, 2019.[20] The music video received more than 40 million views in the two weeks after it was released on YouTube.[20] In October 2019 he was involved in political controversies after expressing his support for the politicians and candidates of the Colombian far-right, including controversial former president Álvaro Uribe.[21] Yatra collaborated with Mexican rock group Maná in November 2019 to release a new version of the group's 1995 single “No Ha Parado De Llover”.[22] The song's music video, which partially centers around a fatal car accident, serves as a public service announcement against texting and driving. Maná initiated the collaboration after seeing Yatra cover the song at the 2018 Grammys gala.[22]  Yatra has publicly advocated for fans to practice social distancing to stop the spread of COVID-19. In March 2020, he began reading children's books on Instagram Live every night at 8pm EST.[23] Also in March 2020, he released a remix of his Fantasía song "Falta Amor" featuring Ricky Martin. On the collaboration, Yatra reflected, "Singing with Ricky Martin is just insane. I would have never thought it possible in [this] lifetime. It’s huge not only as a Latino, but for any person that loves music.”[23] He announced that he will be the opening act for Martin and Enrique Iglesias's US tour, which is planned to take place from September 5 to October 30, 2021.[23]  In 2021, Yatra recorded the Spanish song "Dos Oruguitas" and its English language version, "Two Oruguitas" for the soundtrack of the Disney animated film Encanto.[24]  The song, written by Lin-Manuel Miranda, represented Yatra's first inclusion on a Disney movie soundtrack and the accomplishment of a personal goal: "It's always been a dream of mine to be a part of a Disney movie and it really hits the heart when it's a Disney movie about my country and showing the best of what we have to offer, which is love and family and miracles," Yatra noted.[25] "Dos Oruguitas" was one of five songs nominated for Best Original Song for the 2022 Oscars.[26] On February 22, 2022, Yatra revealed the North America dates for his Dharma World Tour.[27]  Yatra's music has been classified as Latin pop, reggaeton, and ballads. According to The Fader, Yatras music lands "somewhere in between the olden times’ sappy romantics and the new wave’s sensuous vibras."[5] He is influenced by Latin pop and reggaeton artists Ricky Martin, Shakira,[28] J Balvin, Juanes, and Reik.[3][29] In an interview with Billboard, he expressed a desire to collaborate with Italian opera singer Andrea Bocelli.[3] Yatra believes that contemporary musicians commit an "error in associating ballads with boring and slow and old", and hopes to rejuvenate intererest in ballads for a younger audience.[1] However, his music contains elements of other genres, Desire Thompson of Vibe described his song "Traicionera" as a "trap-EDM blend".[1]  Despite growing up in Florida and being fluent in English, Yatra sings almost exclusively in Spanish. Yatra explains, “My goal was always to be a singer in Spanish. And I really wanted to understand where I come from and live it. A lot of times I went to Colombia and, even though I spoke Spanish and was always speaking Spanish with my parents, I still felt like an outsider. I wasn’t 100 percent part of it. I wanted to give my roots the importance they deserve.”[2] His June 2019 song "Runaway" was his first foray into bilingual songwriting.[18] In December 2019, he collaborated with South Korean boy group Monsta X for the song "Magnetic", which features verses from Yatra in Spanish and a bridge from Monsta X in Spanglish.[30] Sara Delgado of Teen Vogue called the song a "truly international pop hit".[30]  2021 Encanto Singer of "Dos Oruguitas."  Pop Latin pop reggaeton Singer songwriter actor Vocals guitar Mantra (2018) Fantasía (2019) Dharma (2022)"
Olterterp;" Olterterp is a village in the municipality of Opsterland in the east of Friesland, the Netherlands. It had a population of around 75 in January 2017.[3]  The village was first mentioned in 1505 as Otterterp, and means "outer settlement".[4] The Dutch Reformed church was built in 1414 or 1415 as a replacement of an earlier church. The church was built without a tower. The tower was added in 1744.[5]  Olterterp was home to 154 people in 1840.[5] Most of the land was owned by Ambrosius Ayso van Boelens. Around 1850, van Boelens started to cultivate the wilderness and turn it into farmland.[6]  Restaurant Wite Hûs  Farm in Olterterp  De Horst  Klein Olderterp   Media related to Olterterp at Wikimedia Commons    This Friesland location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.    Restaurant Wite Hûs       Farm in Olterterp       De Horst       Klein Olderterp   "
Laccophilus sharpi;"   Laccophilus sharpi, is a species of predaceous diving beetle found in Asia, Africa and Australian region.[1][2][3][4][5][excessive citations]  It is widely distributed throughout India, Myanmar, Nepal, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, China, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Iran, Iraq, Japan, Philippines, Saudi Arabia, South Korea, Taiwan, Vietnam.[6][7][8]    This Dytiscidae-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Tremont (microarchitecture);" Tremont is a microarchitecture for low-power Atom, Celeron and Pentium Silver branded processors used in systems on a chip (SoCs) made by Intel. It is the successor to Goldmont Plus.[2] Intel officially launched Elkhart Lake platform with 10 nm Tremont core on September 23, 2020.[3] Intel officially launched Jasper Lake platform with 10 nm Tremont core on January 11, 2021.[4]  Tremont is the third generation out-of-order low-power Atom microarchitecture designed for the entry level desktop and notebook computers. Tremont is built on the 10 nm manufacturing process and supports up to 24 cores.[5] It includes the Intel Gen11 graphics architecture from Ice Lake.  Tremont microarchitecture provides the following enhancements over Goldmont Plus:  List of mobile processors as follows:[8]  [MB]  [MB]  Pentacore Lakefield CPU consists of 1 "big" Sunny Cove core and 4 "little" Tremont cores. AVX support on Sunny Cove (still physically present) is disabled to match Tremont core.  [MB]  [MB]      8 (8)  P5921B  Source: Intel Atom® Processor P Series Product Specifications  List of embedded processors as follows:[9]  model  [MB]  2 × DDR4-3200  80691 (Lakefield) 80697 (Jasper Lake) MMX, SSE, SSE2, SSE3, SSSE3, SSE4, SSE4.1, SSE4.2 AES-NI, RDRAND, CLMUL, SHA VT-x, VT-d 4–24 PentiumCeleronAtom Pentium Celeron Atom Enhanced branch prediction unit. Increased capacity with improved path-based conditional and indirect prediction. New committed return stack buffer. Increased capacity with improved path-based conditional and indirect prediction. New committed return stack buffer. Novel clustered 6-wide out-of-order front-end fetch and decode pipeline. Banked ICache with dual 16B reads. Two 3-wide decode clusters enabling up to 6 instructions per cycle. Banked ICache with dual 16B reads. Two 3-wide decode clusters enabling up to 6 instructions per cycle. Deeper back-end out-of-order windows. 32 KB[a] data cache. Larger load and store buffers. Dual generic load and store execution pipes capable of 2 loads, 2 stores, or 1 load and 1 store per cycle. Dedicated integer and vector integer/floating point store data ports. New and improved cryptography. New Galois-field instructions (GFNI). Dual AES units. Enhanced SHA-NI implementation. Faster PCLMULQDQ. New Galois-field instructions (GFNI). Dual AES units. Enhanced SHA-NI implementation. Faster PCLMULQDQ. Support for user level low-power and low-latency spin-loop instructions UMWAIT/UMONITOR and TPAUSE. 10 nm manufacturing process SoC (System on a chip) architecture 3D tri-gate transistors 32 KB[a] L1 data cache, up from 24 KB in Goldmont Plus 1.5 MB - 4.5 MB shared L2 cache per 4-core cluster, up from 4 MB in Goldmont Plus 4 MB shared L3 cache Gen 11 GPU[6][7] with DirectX 12, OpenGL 4.6, Vulkan 1.3,  OpenGL ES 3.2 and OpenCL 3.0 support. 10 W thermal design power (TDP) desktop processors  6 W TDP mobile processors List of Intel CPU microarchitectures List of Intel Pentium microprocessors List of Intel Celeron microprocessors List of Intel Atom microprocessors Atom (system on chip)"
Xyroptila variegata;"   Xyroptila variegata is a moth of the family Pterophoridae. It is found on the eastern Papuan Islands (Goodenough Island and d'Entrecasteaux).[1]    This article on a moth of the family Pterophoridae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Nepenthes eymae;"   Nepenthes eymae /nɪˈpɛnθiːz ˈeɪmaɪ/ is a tropical pitcher plant endemic to Sulawesi in Indonesia, where it grows at elevations of 1,000–2,000 m (3,300–6,600 ft) above sea level. It is very closely related to N. maxima, from which it differs in its wine glass-shaped upper pitchers.[4]  The specific epithet eymae honours Pierre Joseph Eyma, a Dutch botanist who worked extensively in the Dutch East Indies and who originally discovered the species.[4][5]  Nepenthes eymae was discovered in central Sulawesi by Dutch botanist Pierre Joseph Eyma in 1938.[6] Eyma's original material of this species includes the herbarium specimen Eyma 3968, which bears a male inflorescence.[7]  Nepenthes eymae was formally described by Shigeo Kurata in a 1984 issue of The Journal of Insectivorous Plant Society.[2][8] The holotype, designated as Kurata, Atsumi & Komatsu 102a, was collected on the northern spur of Mount Lumut in Central Sulawesi,[9] at an altitude of 1850 m, on November 5, 1983.[7] A series of isotypes (Kurata, Atsumi & Komatsu 103, 104, and 105) was also listed by Kurata.[7] The repository of these four specimens is not indicated in the type description and they have not been located, but if they were deposited in a public institution this is likely to have been the herbarium of the Nippon Dental College (NDC).[7] Despite this, the species name is valid per Article 37 of the International Code of Botanical Nomenclature, and Kurata's description includes an illustration of the holotype on page 44.[7] Kurata published the species with the specific epithet eymai, honouring Pierre Joseph Eyma.[2] Other authors later noted that although Eyma was male, the name is feminine, and so the epithet was emended to eymae.[7]  Almost concurrently with Kurata's publication, John Turnbull and Anne Middleton described the same species under the name N. infundibuliformis in the journal Reinwardtia.[3] Kurata's description was published on February 6, whereas Turnbull and Middleton's was printed four days later, on February 10.[7] As such, the name N. eymae holds nomenclatural priority and N. infundibuliformis is considered a heterotypic synonym.[4][7] A similar situation involved the descriptions of N. glabrata and N. hamata by the same authors.[6][7] Turnbull and Middleton's description is based on the specimen J.R.Turnbull & A.T.Middleton 83148a, which was collected by the authors on September 20, 1983,[note a] from Mount Lumut Kecil in Sulawesi at the coordinates 1°03′S 121°41′E﻿ / ﻿1.050°S 121.683°E﻿ / -1.050, 121.683, at an altitude of 1500 m.[7] In their description of the species, Turnbull and Middleton stated that the type material was deposited at Herbarium Bogoriense (BO), the herbarium of the Bogor Botanical Gardens, but Matthew Jebb and Martin Cheek were unable to locate it and wrote that it "appear[s] not to have been deposited at Bogor as stated".[7] In addition to the herbarium specimens of N. eymae mentioned here, a number of others have appeared in the literature.[note b]  Most authors regard N. eymae as a distinct species and it has been treated as such in all major monographs on the genus, including Matthew Jebb and Martin Cheek's "A skeletal revision of Nepenthes (Nepenthaceae)" (1997)[10] and "Nepenthaceae" (2001),[4][7] as well as Stewart McPherson's Pitcher Plants of the Old World (2009).[4] Nonetheless, some authors have expressed doubt that it merits distinction from N. maxima at the species level.[9][11][1][12] In Pitcher Plants of the Old World, McPherson wrote that "the specific status of N. eymae seems warranted since the two taxa [N. eymae and N. maxima] appear to occur both together and in isolated, self-sustaining communities".[4] Whatever the status of this taxon, the vast majority of plants cultivated under the name N. eymae do not exhibit the abruptly contracted upper pitchers commonly associated with it.[13]  Nepenthes eymae is a climbing plant growing to a height of up to 8 m.[4] The stem, which may be branched,[4] is two-ridged and up to 8 mm in diameter. Internodes are up to 6 cm long. Axillary buds, which are found 3–10 mm above the leaf axils in climbing stems, are spike-like and measure up to 10 mm (rarely 20 mm) in length by 1.5 mm in width.[7]  Leaves are coriaceous and petiolate. The lamina (leaf blade) is oblong[4] or oblong-elliptic[7] and reaches up to 35 cm in length by 12 cm in width.[4] The laminar apex is rounded[4] or acute to obtuse and is not peltate.[7] The base is obtuse[4] and attenuate,[7] narrowing to form a petiole. The petiole  is canaliculate and occasionally winged,[4] the wings being around 4 mm wide.[7] The petiole may be up to 18 cm long in etiolated plants, but is more typically up to 10 cm long.[4] It clasps the stem for around half of its circumference and is abruptly decurrent, sending off a pair of low ridges to the node below. Longitudinal and pinnate veins are inconspicuous.[7]  Rosette and lower pitchers are generally ovate throughout,[4] but may also be cylindrical.[7] They are often slightly constricted below the pitcher orifice. Mature lower pitchers are the largest traps produced by the plant, growing to 24 cm in height by 16 cm in width. A pair of wings (≤2 cm wide) is present on the ventral surface of the pitcher cup, the fringe elements are up to 8 mm long. The rear of the pitcher is elongated into a pronounced neck.[4] The waxy zone of the inner surface is reduced.[14] The pitcher mouth is ovate and concave, and has an oblique insertion.[7] The peristome is glossy and more-or-less cylindrical in cross section. It is up to 2 cm wide at the front, becoming expanded at the sides and rear, where it reaches a maximum width of over 5 cm. The outer margin of the peristome may be sinuate, whereas the inner margin is deeply incurved, especially towards the back of the pitcher.[4] The inner portion of the peristome accounts for around 34% of its total cross-sectional surface length.[14] The two lobes of the peristome are typically separated by a gap of several millimetres under the lid. The peristome ribs are well developed, being up to 2 mm high. The pitcher lid or operculum is ovate to triangular, growing to 5 cm in length by 3 cm in width.[4] It has an acuminate apex and a truncate to auriculate base.[7] The lid is noted for commonly exhibiting irregular, highly crenellated margins. Two prominent appendages are often found on the lid's lower surface. The first, a triangular basal crest, is up to 12 mm long. The second, a filiform or triangular apical appendage, is up to 18 mm long.[4] Both the appendages and the lid's midline bear elliptic, bordered glands measuring up to 2 mm by 1 mm.[7] The remainder of the lid's lower surface bears many smaller glands.[7] An unbranched spur up to 10 mm long is inserted near the base of the lid.[4]  Upper pitchers are narrowly infundibular in the basal half to three-quarters, rapidly expanding to become broadly infundibular in the upper portion.[4][7][15] They may be shortly contracted directly below the orifice.[7] Upper pitchers are significantly smaller than their terrestrial counterparts, reaching only 15 cm in height by 8 cm in width.[4] Characteristically, the hollow pitcher tube continues past the curved basal portion of the trap and for a few centimetres up the tendril. This is also commonly seen in N. flava, N. fusca, N. jamban, N. ovata, and N. vogelii. The wings are often reduced to ridges, although no vestige of the wings may be apparent in some specimens.[4] These ridges typically run parallel in the lower part of the pitcher, becoming divergent above. The pitcher mouth is horizontal and straight. The peristome is flattened,[7] glossy and up to 1.5 cm wide, being of approximately equal width across its span[4] or broader towards the rear.[7] The peristome ribs are highly reduced but conspicuous, being only up to 0.5 mm high and spaced up to 0.5 mm apart. The rear of the pitcher is elongated into an acuminate neck (≤3 cm long) that may be vertical[7] or inclined forwards at a considerable angle relative to the pitcher orifice.[4] The peristome's inner margin lacks teeth, while the outer margin is often sinuate at the base of the neck. The lid is typically hastate and very narrow, measuring up to 8 cm in length, with basal and middle widths of up to 2.5 and 1 cm, respectively. It bears rounded basal lobes and an obtuse to abruptly rounded apex.[7] It is often curled upwards and may be crenellated at the margins. The presence of appendages is variable in upper pitchers: the lid may possess a pair of appendages as in terrestrial pitchers or may lack them completely.[4] Where these appendages are present, the basal one is hook-shaped and up to 8 mm long and the apical one filiform and up to 12 mm long. The glands of the lower lid surface are similar to those found in lower pitchers. The spur is inserted 10 mm below the lid. It may be simple or bifid at its apex, and measures up to 10 mm in length. Developing pitchers have laterally appressed walls and a pronounced bulge at the rear, which holds the spur upright. The spur has a closed bifurcation at this point.[7]  Nepenthes eymae has a racemose inflorescence. The male inflorescence measures up to 30 cm in length by 2.5 cm in width (flowers included), of which the peduncle (≤3 mm wide at its base) constitutes up to 11 cm and the rachis up to 20 cm.[4][7] Flowers are borne singly or in pairs, the two-flowered partial peduncles being located towards the base of the inflorescence. The partial peduncles are ebracteate and number 30–40. They are approximately 4 mm long, being formed from a pair of basally-united pedicels around 10 mm long. Tepals are elliptic and around 4 mm long by 2 mm wide. The androphore is around 4 mm long and bears an anther head measuring 1 mm by 1.5 mm.[7]  An indumentum of soft, orange[4] to reddish-brown hairs is often present on all mature vegetative parts, including the stem, lower lid surface, and laminar surfaces. This covering consists of tufted hairs up to 0.05 mm long and simple hairs typically up to 0.8 mm long (those of the tendril, midrib, lid and spur are denser and longer, reaching 2 mm).[7] However, the indumentum is variable and may be reduced to the point of being completely inconspicuous in some populations.[4]  The stem and midribs are yellowish green, and the laminae dark green.[4][7] The tendrils may be yellow to green[4] or tinged red.[7] In terrestrial traps, the pitcher cups may be white,[7] green, yellow, brown, or red, and are often red speckled.[4] Traps bearing a conspicuous indumentum may have a maroon sheen under certain light conditions. The inner surface ranges from yellow or olive green to almost brown, and commonly has darker blotches of red, brown, or purple. The peristome is usually dark, from reddish brown to black throughout in older specimens. It frequently bears stripes ranging from yellow to black. The operculum is green to brown and often mottled with red to black markings on its lower surface.[4][7] Upper pitcher are predominantly yellow, sometimes bearing red to purple flecks on the inner surface and lid underside. The appearance of the peristome is variable: it may be a solid orange to red (in which case it is often darker towards the inner edge), or it may be narrowly streaked with red, brown, purple, or black.[4] Tepals are red.[7]  No infraspecific taxa of N. eymae have been described.[4]  Nepenthes eymae is endemic to the Indonesian island of Sulawesi. It has been recorded from the provinces of Central Sulawesi (including the East Peninsula) and West Sulawesi. Many of the peaks in these regions are poorly known and may support as-yet undiscovered populations of N. eymae. The species has a wide altitudinal distribution of 1000 to at least 2000 m above sea level, typically being found above 1400 m.[4]  The species generally grows terrestrially, but may also be epiphytic at higher elevations. It has been recorded from a wide variety of habitats, including heath forest, river banks, exposed sites such as cliff faces and landslides, and disturbed or recovering secondary vegetation (such as previously logged dipterocarp forest).[4] Towards the upper end of its altitudinal range, N. eymae is found among the ridge and summit vegetation of upper montane forest. The species occurs in both shaded and exposed sites, but grows best in the latter. Nepenthes eymae has no confirmed natural hybrids, although introgression may take place where this species is sympatric with N. maxima.[4]  The conservation status of N. eymae is listed as Least concern on the IUCN Red List, based on an assessment carried out in 2018.[1] In 2009, Stewart McPherson wrote that the species is "widespread and locally abundant" across its range and that most populations are "remote and not seriously threatened at present".[4] Nepenthes eymae is known to occur in one protected area (Morowali Nature Reserve), although the full extent of its range is unknown.[4]  Nepenthes eymae produces an extremely thick, mucilaginous pitcher fluid that coats the entire inner surface of the traps in a thin film.[4] This is seen in cultivated plants as well[7] and is most prominent in upper pitchers, which must contend with the action of the wind. These pitchers appear to function at least in part as flypaper traps, with the sticky inner walls trapping small flying insects above the surface of the fluid. The prey then gradually slide down into the base of the pitcher where they are digested.[4] This trapping method was noted by Peter D'Amato in 1993, who observed that, in cultivated plants, lower pitchers were more successful at catching ants than were upper pitchers.[6]  A 2011 study that used cultivated material of N. eymae recorded a mean digestive fluid relaxation time of 0.096 seconds (± 0.000) for this species.[16] As for the majority of studied highland Nepenthes (but not lowlanders), this value differed significantly (P < 0.001) from that of distilled water, leading the authors to categorise N. eymae as a viscoelastic species.[16]  Similarly viscous pitcher fluid is found in the group of closely allied Sumatran species that includes N. aristolochioides, N. dubia, N. flava, N. inermis, N. jacquelineae, N. jamban, N. talangensis, and N. tenuis.[4] These species all share infundibular pitchers.[4]  Nepenthes eymae belongs to the loosely defined "N. maxima complex", which also includes, among other species, N. boschiana, N. chaniana, N. epiphytica, N. faizaliana, N. fusca, N. klossii, N. maxima, N. platychila, N. stenophylla, and N. vogelii.[17]  Nepenthes eymae is very closely allied to the extremely polymorphic N. maxima, which is widespread across Sulawesi, New Guinea, and the Maluku Islands. It differs from this species in its wingless, infundibular and relatively small upper pitchers, ovate lower pitchers, and hastate lid. While some forms of N. maxima also produce entirely infundibular aerial traps, these are not usually as abruptly contracted (and therefore wine glass-shaped) as in N. eymae, and may or may not have fringed wings.[4] Where the two species grow side-by-side, introgression may blur these morphological boundaries and make circumscription difficult. Like N. eymae, N. maxima and N. klossii (another closely related species) also commonly have two lid appendages.[4]  Nepenthes fusca of Borneo may produce aerial pitchers resembling those of N. eymae, although its lower pitchers are considerably narrower and cylindrical in shape.[4] The lower pitchers of N. eymae could potentially be confused with those of another Bornean endemic, N. veitchii, although otherwise these species have little in common, particularly with respect to the upper pitchers.[4]  Nepenthes eymaiSh.Kurata (1984)[2][original spelling] Nepenthes infundibuliformisJ.R.Turnbull & A.T.Middleton (1984)[3]"
Terralingua;" Terralingua is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization under U.S. tax law (#38–3291259) and a registered non-profit society in Canada based on Salt Spring Island in Vancouver, British Columbia whose mission is to support the integrated protection, maintenance and restoration of the biocultural diversity of life. Created in 1996, Terralingua's founders Luisa Maffi and Dave Harmon pioneered the concept and field of Biocultural Diversity, building on emergent ideas about the links between biological and cultural diversity.  In 2001, Terralingua received the first foundation grant ever given explicitly for Biocultural Diversity research and applications—an unsolicited Ford Foundation grant that allowed the non-profit to establish a long-term program of work focused on five areas: Mapping biocultural diversity, measuring and monitoring biocultural diversity, maintaining biocultural diversity, networking for biocultural diversity, and promoting policies for biocultural diversity.  In 1996, the same year Terralingua launched its operations, it organized its first conference on biocultural diversity called "Endangered Languages, Endangered Knowledge, Endangered Environments." Held at the University of California, Berkeley, the conference brought together internationally recognized researchers and practitioners in the social, natural, linguistics, and behavioral sciences, as well as Indigenous thinkers and activists, to discuss the “converging extinction crisis” of the biocultural diversity of life.  Within two years of being founded, Terralingua began to receive invitations to collaborate with major environmental and cultural organizations including World Wildlife Fund, United Nations Environment Programme, United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), the Convention on Biological Diversity, the Millennium Ecosystem Assessment, and other international, academic and research-based institutions, and museums.  In 2003, Terralingua developed the first educational booklet on Biocultural Diversity, in collaboration with UNESCO[1] Sharing a World of Difference: The Earth’s Linguistic, Cultural, and Biological Diversity, along with the companion map, The World’s Biocultural Diversity: People, Languages, and Ecosystems (UNESCO, 2003). A year later, Terralingua created the first index jointly quantifying the global state of cultural diversity and biodiversity. The [2] Index of Biocultural Diversity independently confirmed the overlap between cultural and biological diversity based on five indicators: languages, religions, and ethnic groups (for cultural diversity), and bird/mammal species and plant species (for biological diversity). These indicators were selected because data were readily available for them.  In 2008, in collaboration with IUCN and the American Museum of Natural History (AMNH), Terralingua co-organized a major follow-up symposium on Biocultural Diversity, "Sustaining Cultural and Biological Diversity in a Rapidly Changing World: Lessons for Public Policy", which was held at the AMNH headquarters in New York City.  Terralingua co-developed and co-sponsored the first international policy resolution focused on Biocultural Diversity, in which they requested that the IUCN, the world’s largest conservation organization, integrate cultural diversity with the conservation of biodiversity. The IUCN Member Assembly passed a motion to accept this request at the 4th World Conservation Congress in Barcelona, Spain in 2008.  Terralingua works to promote the investigation of the links between biological, cultural, and linguistic diversity, as well as the adoption of an integrated biocultural perspective on the perpetuation, maintenance and revitalization of diversity on Earth. Terralingua seeks to build bridges and synergies between groups and individuals working in support of the world's diverse peoples and their languages and cultures and those working to conserve species and ecosystems.  Terralingua fosters the perpetuation of the world's linguistic diversity in all its forms, regardless of political, demographic, or linguistic status, and to promote respect for linguistic human rights. The non-profit emphasizes supporting and maintaining language diversity as a whole and fostering the resilience of bioculturally diverse regions rather than on language endangerment or documentation of specific endangered languages.  Terralingua's field projects focus on restoring ecological and cultural resilience at landscape and regional levels. Through its global network, it provides information, documentation, and expertise to individuals and grassroots organizations seeking to maintain their linguistic and cultural heritage, restore the health of their environments, and uphold their human rights.  In 2001 and 2002 respectively, Terralingua's founding members published the first two books on Biocultural Diversity theory and applications. The books "On Biocultural Diversity: Linking Language, Knowledge, and the Environment" [3] and "In Light of Our Differences: How Diversity in Nature and Culture Makes Us Human" [4] were published by the Smithsonian Institution Press and are widely recognized as foundational texts.  In 2008, Terralingua developed the first index that measures trends in the persistence or loss of Traditional Environmental Knowledge (TEK). A year later, Terralingua developed the first Index of Linguistic Diversity to show trends in the numbers of mother tongue speakers of the world’s languages. This allowed for a quantitative rather than anecdotal assessment of the state of the world’s languages, and revealed parallel trends in linguistic diversity and biodiversity.  In 2010, Terralingua published Biocultural Diversity Conservation: A Global Sourcebook (Luisa Maffi and Ellen Woodley, Earthscan)and launched Biocultural Diversity Conservation: A Community of Practice, a companion portal to the book that was designed for researchers, professionals, policy makers, and the public.  Recent Terralingua activities include developing a broad-ranging educational campaign on Biocultural Diversity to reach academics, professionals, policy makers, schools, and the general public. Additionally, the non-profit is working on school curriculum and study guides to engage students on a range of issues related to Biocultural Diversity.  Terralingua has received grants from The Christensen Fund, the International Development Research Centre (IDRC) in Canada, as well as support from international organizations and academic institutions. In 2007, Terralingua was given a bequest from the estate of former Terralingua member Dr. Aldon Roat, which became a principal funding source.  Terralingua's work has received attention from media over the years for its research and outreach activities, and has been featured in the New York Times, New York Times Magazine, Wired Magazine, and National Geographic.  In 2008, Terry Glavin, Canadian author and journalist, and winner of several science-related journalism awards wrote an article, "In Defense of Difference", where he referred to Luisa Maffi, Terralingua Director, as a leader who paved the way for “biocultural diversity” to start "...showing up with increasing frequency in the lexicon of a wide variety of scientists and academics concerned with the phenomenon of extinction." Writes Glavin, "That we are beginning to understand the intricacies of these relationships is due in no small measure to the work of Italian-born anthropologist and linguist Luisa Maffi."  Terralingua has been featured on the blogs WiserEarth, NatGeo News Watch and Huffington Post. "
Jingxing Formation;" The Jingxing Formation is a Mesozoic geologic formation in China. Dinosaur remains diagnostic to the genus level are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.[1]    This article about a specific stratigraphic formation in the People's Republic of China is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Tyrannosaurus lanpingensis - "Teeth."[2] - (Tyrannosauroid indet) Earth sciences portal Paleontology portal Dinosaurs portal List of dinosaur-bearing rock formations List of stratigraphic units with few dinosaur genera List of stratigraphic units with few dinosaur genera"
2021 in Southern Africa;" The following lists events that happened during 2021 in Southern Africa. The countries are those described in the  United Nations geoscheme for Southern Africa.   Botswana   Eswatini (Swaziland)   Lesotho   Namibia   South Africa  President of Botswana: Mokgweetsi Masisi (since 2018)[1] Vice-President of Botswana: Slumber Tsogwane (since 2018)[1] Vice-President of Botswana: Slumber Tsogwane (since 2018)[1] Chief of state:  Ngwenyama (King): Mswati III (since 1986)[2] Head of government: Prime Minister: Themba N. Masuku (since 2020) Chief of state: King: Letsie III (since 1996)[3] Head of government: Prime Minister: Moeketsi Majoro (since 2020)[4] President: Hage Geingob (since March 21, 2015)[5] Vice President: Nangolo Mbumba (since February 12, 2018) [5] Vice President: Nangolo Mbumba (since February 12, 2018) [5] Prime Minister: Saara Kuugongelwa (since March 21, 2015) [5] Deputy Prime Minister: Netumbo Nandi-Ndaitwah (since March 21, 2015) Deputy Prime Minister: Netumbo Nandi-Ndaitwah (since March 21, 2015) President: Cyril Ramaphosa (since 2018)[6] Deputy President: David Mabuza (since 2018)[6] Deputy President: David Mabuza (since 2018)[6] Chief Justice: Mogoeng Mogoeng Speaker of the National Assembly: Thandi Modise January 25 – Thirteen people, including two in Eswanti die and thousands are homeless as Cyclone Eloise causes extensive flooding in Limpopo and Mpumalanga, South Africa as well as other areas of southern Africa such as Zimbabwe and Botswana.[7][8] March 11 – Anniversary of the death of King Moshoeshoe I, Public holidays in Lesotho.[9] March 22 – Independence Day, Public holidays in Namibia.[10] March 23 – Southern African Liberation Day, Public holidays in Angola.[11] April 19 – King Mswati III′s Birthday, Public holidays in Eswatini.[12] April 27 – Freedom Day (South Africa), Public holidays in South Africa.[13] May 4 – Cassinga Day, Namibia.[10] May 25 – Africa Day.[9] July 17 – King Letsie III′s Birthday, Lesotho.[9] July 22 – King Father′s Birthday, Eswatini.[12] September 6 – Somhlolo Day (Independence Day), Eswatini.[12] October 1 – Botswana Day holiday[14] October 4 – Independence Day, Lesotho.[9] November 11 – Independence Day, Angola.[11] December 10 – Human Rights Day.[10] December 16 – Day of Reconciliation, South Africa.[13] 6 January – King Victor Thulare III, 40, royal, South African king of the Pedi people (since 2020), COVID-19.[15] 11 January – Mario Masuku, 69, Eswatini politician.[16] 18 January – Nombulelo Hermans, South African politician, member of the National Assembly (since 2019), COVID-19.[17] 20 January – Jackson Mthembu, 62, South African politician (Minister in the Presidency), COVID-19.[18] 25 February – Archibald Mogwe, 99, Botswanan politician and diplomat, minister of foreign affairs (1974–1984).[19] 12 March - Goodwill Zwelithini kaBhekuzulu, 72, South African royal (Zulu king), problems related to diabetes[20] 2020–21 South-West Indian Ocean cyclone season 2021–22 South-West Indian Ocean cyclone season Southern African Development Community 2021 in East Africa 2021 in Middle Africa 2021 in North Africa 2021 in South Africa 2021 in West Africa 2020 in Southern Africa 2020s 2020s in political history Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa Southern African Development Community"
Special Achievement Genie;" The Special Achievement Genie is a special award given irregularly by the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television at the Genie Awards.  It is mainly a Lifetime Achievement Award but can also mark a career milestone.  (1981)	Micheline Lanctôt For displaying her award-winning talents in both the French and English languages, as an actress, a writer, an animator and (most recently) as a director. (1984) Norman McLaren - Academy Award and BAFTA winning short film maker.  Winner of 10 Canadian Film Awards (The predecessor to the Genie Awards) In recognition of his long, successful and internationally acclaimed career in the world of animation filmmaking. (1985) Paul LeBlanc For his impressive body of work in film and television hairstyling (1985) Ivan Reitman For his outstanding success with some of the biggest comedy hits of our generation.  The Academy singled out the films Animal House, Meatballs, Stripes and Ghostbusters. (1986) Graeme Ferguson For his work with IMAX (1987) Emil Radok, Paul Kravicky For the film Taming of the Demons which played primarily at Vancouver's Expo '86 (1988) Norman Jewison - 7 time Academy Award nominated filmmaker. This award is given to Norman Jewison for founding and establishing the new Canadian Centre for Advanced Film Studies. (1989) Presented to The National Film Board of Canada (1991) John Kemeny v t e 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 1949 1950 1951 1952 1953 1954 1955 1956 1957 1958 1959 1960 1961 1962 1963 1964 1965 1966 1967 1968 1969 1970 1971 1972 1973 1975 1976 1977 1978 1979 1980 1981 1982 1983 1984 1985 1986 1987 1988 1989 1990/91 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 1972 1973 1974 1975 1976 1977 1978 1979 1980 1981 1982 1983 1984 1985 1986 1986 1987 1988 1989 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 Motion Picture Actor Actress Supporting Actor Supporting Actress Director Animated Short Art Direction and Production Design Casting Cinematography Cinematography in a Documentary Costume Design Editing Editing in a Documentary Feature Length Documentary Hair Live Action Short Makeup Original Score Original Song Screenplay (Original and Adapted) Short Documentary Sound Editing Sound Mixing Stunt Coordination Visual Effects Golden Screen John Dunning Best First Feature Award Comedy Series Drama Series TV Movie Children's or Youth Fiction Series Children's or Youth Non-Fiction Series Pre-School Series Reality/Competition Series Lead Actor, Comedy Lead Actor, Drama Lead Actress, Comedy Lead Actress, Drama Supporting Actor, Comedy Supporting Actor, Drama Supporting Actress, Comedy Supporting Actress, Drama Direction, Children's or Youth Performance, Children's or Youth Writing, Children's or Youth Casting Academy Achievement Award Donald Brittain Award Earle Grey Award Gordon Sinclair Award Margaret Collier Award Rob Stewart Award Bijou Awards (1981) Best Actor - Non-Feature (1969–81) Best Actress - Non-Feature (1969–81) Foreign Actor (1980–83) Foreign Actress (1980–83) Theatrical Short (1949–96) Children's or Youth Program (1986-2002) Host, Children's or Youth Program (2008-2016) Individual or Ensemble Performance in a Comedy (1992-2000) Ensemble Performance in a Comedy (2001-2011) Individual Performance in a Comedy (2001-2010) John Drainie Award (1968-2000) Special Achievement Foster Hewitt Award (1975-1986) Wendy Michener Award (1969-1978) Diversity Award (1992-2016)"
Thierry Petit;"   Thierry Petit (born May 12, 1973 in Nevers) is a French entrepreneur, known as the co-founder and co-CEO of showroomprive.com, created in 2006. He is also the vice-President of France Digitale and a business angel engaged in the French online economy.  Born into a working-class family,[1] Thierry Petit grew up in the Nièvre department of France before beginning his studies at the Institut National des Télécommunications (now known as Télécom SudParis).[2]  A trained engineer,[3] he began working in 1995 for interactive agencies like Planète Interactive and Brainsoft.[4] However, at a young age, Thierry Petit threw himself into entrepreneurship and in September 1999 he created the first French price comparison site on the web, Toobo.com, which was met with immediate success, before being sold a few months later to Liberty Surf for €15 million.[5]  After this first entrepreneurial success, Thierry Petit decided in 2002 to take over the management of the performance art magazine Mouvement.[6] An admirer of dance, this experience allowed him to also discover the publishing market which up until this point had been unknown ground for him. Previously in economic difficulty, the magazine turned its fortunes around thanks to a new business model and numerous partnerships.  In 2004, Thierry Petit fulfilled another dream: to travel around the world for two years with his wife.[7]  Upon returning to France, Thierry Petit met David Dayan, a recognised specialist of destocking and the then president of France Export.[3] Already competing with vente-privee.com (known at the time as Cofotex)[1] on the physical market, Dayan was looking to launch an online venture and joined forces with Petit to benefit from his digital expertise. Showroomprive.com is officially launched in October 2006.  A great believer in new and digital technologies, Thierry Petit founded Look Forward, showroomprive.com's start-up incubator dedicated to fashion and innovation. It was inaugurated on 8 June 2015 in front of Axelle Lemaire, the Minister of State for Digital Affairs.[8] Each year, Look Forward selects and incubates around ten start-ups whose collective goal is to transform the way in which fashion is produced, distributed and consumed.  In February 2016, to further promote innovative initiatives in the retail and fashion domains, Thierry Petit launched the first edition of the FashionTech Festival in partnership with the Gaîté Lyrique.[9] On the event's programme: exhibitions, discussions, workshops, as well as a prize-giving ceremony to award four promising and visionary projects chosen by the Look Forward jury. The second edition of the festival will take place in June 2017 in Paris.  A player in the French entrepreneurial ecosystem, Thierry Petit is an important business angel in the digital sector. According to Challenges,[10] he was the 9th most active French business angel in 2016. He has notably invested in many online companies and actively participates in their development: Avisdemaman, TagCommander, ALittleMarket, Vinted, Soubis, DoYouBuzz, Platypus, RedVisitor, storeretail, Testamento, CarnetdeMode, YouMiam, BrocanteLab, Back Market, ABTasty, Bonnegueule, Blablacar, Sigfox, talent.io, Tiller, Lendix, Whelp, Cubyn, Afrikrea etc. In total, Thierry Petit has financed more than 30 start-ups principally active in the e-commerce field.  In May 2015, he, along with other heads of online companies, launched the "Reviens Léon, on innove à la maison!" movement in order to entice expatriate French entrepreneurs to return and work in France.[11]  Thierry Petit is the vice-president of France Digitale,[12] an association that brings together digital entrepreneurs and investors in France.  In 1999, Thierry Petit received the Prix Microsoft for "the best internet application of year" after creating the L'Oréal group website.[13]  Thierry Petit is married and has three children.[2] "
Bazar House in Miłosław;" Coordinates: 52°12′10″N 17°29′21″E﻿ / ﻿52.20278°N 17.48917°E﻿ / 52.20278, 17.48917 Bazar House in Miloslaw (Polish: Dom „Bazar” w Miłosławiu) -  historic property located in the street Miloslaw- Spring of Nations 24 (Reg. No.: 1924 / A, 29/12/1983), in the district of Września, in Greater Poland.  The building was erected in the mid-19th century on the site of a former tavern and inn with stables, now located  in the Spring of Nations Square. It was expanded at the end of the same century. He is famous for the fact that during the Spring of Nations in 1848 Kosynierzy of the building fought a victorious battle with the Prussians, which resembles a commemorative plaque reads: "In this building Kosynierzy turning victorious Prussians resistance in r.1848, sponsored by the Society Miloslaw in 1964., during the celebration of the 650th anniversary of the city. "During the partitions, the building was the home of the fighting, among others germanization Gymnastic Society "Falcon", the building contained a restaurant, shops and hotel rooms [1][2] Until July 4, 2012, on the ground floor was here, among others,  pump-room  "Bazaar" (property, which was in place, was sold to the owners of shops Adams) [3]  Miłosław was granted its city chard before 1397, the town was re-incorporated, under the Magdeburg law, in 1539. By the late 16th century, Miłosław had become a crafts hub of importance. A 1599 fire destroyed the city almost in its entirety.  A Lutheran synod took place there in 1607 which laid foundations for Protestantism in Wielkopolska. During the Swedish wars, troops commanded by Hetmans Stefan Czarniecki and Jerzy Lubomirski made their way through the town.  Early in the 18th century, Miłosław was the property of the Grabski family and from 1777, to the end of the 19th century, it was owned by the Mielżyński family.  During the Spring of Nations (1848) the town become one of the four major insurgent hubs. It was there that on April 30, 1848, Polish ulans, riflemen and scythe-bearing peasant recruits led by Ludwik Mierosławski and Feliks Białoskórnicki fought their victorious battle with the Prussian army.  A market is to be met in the town's centre (named plac Wiosny Ludów – i.e. ‘The Spring of Nations Square’), with a monument boulder dedicated to the local children who fought for having their native Polish language and speech retained at schools in the years 1901–1904 and 1906–1907. House no. 24 at the market is the former Bazar building for which the severest fight unfolded in 1848, as commemorated by a memorial plaque fixed on its wall.  The town's peak point is the site of St. James's church from c. 1620, furnished with a late-renaissance main altar (also dated c. 1620) featuring an Assumption of Our Lady painting painted in 1844 by Seweryn Mielżyński. A neo-gothic belfry of c. 1850, crowned with crenellation, stands next to the church. In the yard by the church is a monument erected in honour of the 1848 insurgents. On the outer side of the church wall is a monument featuring statue of St. Laurence forming part of the grave of Miłosław scythe-bearing peasant soldiers.  Opposite to it is a former Evangelical church of 1870–1872 where a Gallery of the Miłosław Cultural Centre is housed now. There is an early 19th-century palace in the southern part of the town. Beside the palace is a 37.8ha landscape park featuring ditches, bridges and ponds, founded, in a French style, in the early 19th century and later reshaped and extended into a romantic landscape park. The park contains a monument of Polish 19th-century poet Juliusz Słowacki, the earliest such ever in the Polish lands, next to the monument is a spreading oak-tree with the circumference of 680 cm. Marked hiking and cycling routes are set via Miłosław.[4] "
Slavic name suffixes;" A Slavic name suffix is a common way of forming patronymics, family names, and pet names in the Slavic languages. Many, if not most, Slavic last names are formed by adding possessive and other suffixes to given names and other words. Most Slavic surnames have suffixes which are found in varying degrees over the different nations. Some surnames are not formed in this way, including names of non-Slavic origin. They are also seen in North America, Argentina, and Australia.  An example using an occupation is kovač, koval or kowal, which means blacksmith.  It is the root of the names Kovačević, Kovačić, Kowalski, Kowalchuk, Kowalczyk, Kovachev, Kovalenko, Kovalyov, and Kovalev.  All mean "descendant of a blacksmith".  The given name Petr, Petro or Petar (equivalent to Peter) can become Petrov, Petriv, Petriw, Petrenko, Petrovsky, Petrović, Petrić, Petrič, Petrich, etc.  All mean "descendant of Peter".  This is similar to the use of "-son" or "-sen" in Germanic languages.  In East Slavic languages (Belarusian, Russian, Rusyn, and Ukrainian) the same system of name suffixes can be used to express several meanings.  One of the most common is the patronymic.  Instead of a secondary "middle" given name, people identify themselves with their given and family name and patronymic, a name based on their father's given name.  If a man gives his full name as Boris Vladimirovich Kuznetsov, then his father's name must have been Vladimir. Vladimirovich literally means "Vladimir's [son]".  Similarly, many suffixes can be attached to express affection or informality (in linguistics, called a diminutive).  For example, calling a boy named Ivan "Ivanko", "Ivo", "Ivica" etc, or Yuri "Yurko", expresses that he is familiar to you. This is the same as referring to Robert as "Rob," "Bob" and "Bobby", or William as "Bill", "Will" and "Willy".  -юк -чик  -чак  -цкий (-цкая) -ский (-ская) -ський (-ська) -ски (-ска) -cki (-cka) -sky (-ska) -ski (-ska) -skiy (-skaya) -ský (-ská) -овић/-евић -ић -ович/-овіч/-евич (-овна/-евна) -ич/-ыч (-инична/-ычна) -ović/-ević -ić -ovič /-evič  (-ovna/-evna) -ič  -ich (American Spelling) -owicz/-ewicz -owitz (German spelling) -ak (-akova) -ek (-ekova) -ik (-ikova) -čak -ček -čik -čuk -yuk -czyk -ец -єць -ac -ec Ashkenazi Jewish surnames Belarusian name Bosnian name Bulgarian names Croatian name Czech names Polish names Russian names Serbian names Slovak name Ukrainian name Slavic names"
Serra da Bocaina National Park;" Serra da Bocaina National Park is a national park of Brazil. It is located at the border between the states of Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo in southeastern Brazil.  Created by Federal Decree in 1971 and comprises an area of approximately 104,000 hectares (260,000 acres) and a significant biodiversity. The park headquarters is located in São José do Barreiro, the State of São Paulo. It is administered by the Chico Mendes Institute for Biodiversity Conservation (ICMBio). It is estimated that 60% of the vegetation is composed of native Atlantic Forest, and the rest is forest regenerated (secondary) for over 30 years.  The highest point is Pico do Tira o Chapéu, which reaches 2,088 metres (6,850 ft) above sea level, one of the highest points of the State of São Paulo.  The park is part of the 221,754 hectares (547,970 acres) Bocaina Mosaic, created in 2006.[2]  Among the species of flora are pines, cedars, trumpet trees, palm trees and bromeliads.  Among the fauna of the park are cats, sloths, deer, monkeys, snakes and birds.  A number of amphibians are only known from the park and its buffer area: Brachycephalus vertebralis, Ischnocnema pusilla, Bokermannohyla ahenea, Bokermannohyla clepsydra, Scinax ariadne, Megaelosia bocainensis, Physalaemus barrioi, and Paratelmatobius gaigeae.[3]      This Rio de Janeiro state, Brazil location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This geographical article relating to the state of São Paulo is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This article related to a protected area in Brazil is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Yotchiangrai;" Yotchiangrai (Thai: ยอดเชียงราย, also called Yot Chiang Rai, Phraya Yot Chiang Ra and Yot Mueang) was the thirteenth monarch of the Mangrai Dynasty that ruled Lan Na in what is now northern Thailand.  He ruled between 1487 and 1495.[1] He was a son of Thao (Prince) Bunrueang, the only son of King Tilokaraj who had been executed by his grandfather on suspicion of disloyalty.  He ruled from the death of his grandfather until he abdicated in favour of his son in 1495.[2]    This biography of a member of a Thai royal house is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Evansburg;" Evansburg may refer to:  Evansburg, Pennsylvania Evansburg, Alberta Evansburg railway station Evansburg railway station"
Progressive Confucianism;" Progressive Confucianism (Chinese: 进步儒学, pinyin: jìn bù rú xué) is a term of philosophy coined by Stephen C. Angle in his book Contemporary Confucian Political Philosophy: Toward Progressive Confucianism (2012). Progressive Confucianism refers to a contemporary approach of Confucianism that aims to promote individual and collective moral progress.[1]: 17  It explores themes such as political authority and morality, the rule of law, human rights, gender and sexuality, bearing similarities with other contemporary progressive social and political movements.[1]  In 2012, Stephen C. Angle, Professor of Philosophy, and Mansfield Freeman, Professor of East Asian Studies at Wesleyan University, first put forward the idea of Progressive Confucianism as a continuation of the Confucian tradition that accepts the challenges posed by contemporary society. Angle's conception of Progressive Confucianism is built upon the 20th-century intellectual movement of New Confucianism. New Confucian philosopher Mou Zongsan's notion of "self-restriction" (Chinese: 自我坎陷) had a profound influence on Angle, who shares Mou's commitment to liberal democracy and builds upon Mou's idea to develop a framework that goes beyond New Confucianism. Whereas Mou Zongsan did not speak concretely on human rights,[1]: 76  Progressive Confucianism upholds human rights and promotes gender equality, pushing forward the anti-oppression and anti-authoritarian regime established by New Confucianism.  Political theorist Leigh Jenco characterizes Progressive Confucianism as something that does not stay at the level of "a disingenuous 'discovery' of [liberal] values in early texts such as Mencius," what Angle and other Progressive Confucians intend for is to "'reconceptualize popular authority in ways that both reflect, yet critically reconstruct, certain Confucian commitments.'"[2]  Progressive Confucians reject the label of ''liberal'' Confucianism. As a school of Confucian political philosophy that shares some liberal values, Progressive Confucianism goes beyond a hybrid of Confucianism and liberalism. People who argue against liberalism in China, for the reason that liberalism was not originated in China, may find Progressive Confucianism appealing. Accordingly, Progressive Confucianism is able to reach a wider audience than liberal Confucianism: both an international audience who cares about Chinese culture and a Chinese audience for internal criticism.[citation needed]  ''Self-restriction'' (Chinese: 自我坎陷) is an essential notion Angle adopts from Mou Zhongsan to set the overall framework for Progressive Confucianism. In Angle's conception, Mou identifies two kinds of reasoning, one ''ethical and subjective'', serving as "an innate moral consciousness that has the ability to directly intuit the basic moral nature of the cosmos," while the other ''analytical and objective'', operating as "a cognitive, analytical consciousness that works by distinguishing subject from object."[1]: 27 One's morality and political values emerge from these two kinds of reasoning, respectively.  Mou is concerned with the prospect that politics would be "swallowed" by morality, He postulated that one's analytical, objective reasoning (which determines one's political view) would be overwhelmed by ethical, subjective reasoning (which cultivates one's personal virtue), as shown by the often occurrence in Chinese history that leaders, who "claim to have highly developed moral insight,"  inflict their own moral view upon others, leading to unpleasant consequences.[1]:24  As a check on this usurpation by morality, the notion of ''self-restriction'' is therefore endorsed by Mou as an approach in which ethical reasoning, aided by "a certain kind of political structure, 'restricts itself' in order to more fully realize itself, and thereby allows for an independent realm of political value to exist".[1]: 28 In particular, as Angle explains, Mou's conception is not that "a constitution, laws, and rights are merely compatible with Confucianism, but are [rather] required by Confucianism if it is to fully realize its own goals."[1]: 29  Similar to Zhang Shizhao and Mou Zongsan, Angle is also concerned that politics will be “swallowed” by morality.[2] In the classical Confucian society of China, an over-emphasis on morality resulted in absolute moral authority, which gave rise to the oppression that prevented people from cultivating their own moral values.[3] In order for individuals to fully live by Confucian virtues, some objective, public structures (like laws) are needed.[1]: 29   Angle adopts the term ''self-restriction'' to draw a connection between morality and the rule of law. Joseph Chan, a professor of political philosophy at Princeton University explains the idea of self-restriction: "In the sphere of politics, rather than acting according to one’s ethical reasoning and judgment, one 'is bound by laws and works within political processes.'”[4] Thus, Progressive Confucianism takes on the view that "Confucians must be open to, even as their virtues should seek to moderate, the contestation accompanying the world of 'politicians and lawyers.'"[2]  Sor-hoon Tan, Professor of Philosophy at National University of Singapore points out that Confucian ritual (Chinese: 礼) works together with the rule of law and plays a unique role in shaping a harmonious community.[5] Tan notes that "litigation inclines people toward selfishness by requiring them to think in terms of themselves as being opposed to others, thus undermining trust and reducing the chances of harmonious association thereafter." Contrary to laws using "coercive sanctions and punishments," Confucian ritual "operates through transformative influence."[5] In order to achieve the harmonious state desired by Confucianism, the external rule of law and the internal regulation of rituals need to form an organic whole in guiding people's behaviors.  Angle's understanding of Confucian human rights is based on Zhao Tingyang's normative concept of ''all-under-heaven''.[2] "Viewing the world from the perspective of the world…requires us to arrive at the universal world perspective through an inclusive process, rather than universalizing a single perspective.” According to political theorist Leigh Jenco, "such human rights may not come directly or solely from prior Confucian values",[2] thus making room for expanding Confucian virtues and protecting human rights in the Confucian background.  Progressive Confucianism and human rights open up a dialogue between China and the West. Mary Sim, Professor of Philosophy at College of Holy Cross, challenges "the connection between human rights and Western philosophy".[6] Sim argues that a Confucian approach to human rights has both theoretical and practical importance. Compared to the western notion of the state of nature and veil of ignorance thought experiments, the grounding of Confucian human rights is in "real relationships in which we join our lives and the moral communities (beginning with the family) on which our agencies depend."[6] This approach also "promises a fresh assessment of Western claims and priorities".[6]  Unlike New Confucian scholars such as Jiang Qing (Confucian), who insist that maintaining traditionally defined gender roles are fundamental to social stability,[7] Progressive Confucianism is open to the notion that some aspects of the Confucian human role may be contingent and flexible. In "Progressive Confucianism and Human Roles," Angle criticizes a one-sided or overly rigid understanding for roles and rationality because "such interpretations fail to capture crucial insights of Confucianism, and they undermine the possibility of Confucianism playing a positive role in the modern world."[8] Progressive Confucianism suggests that a critical and charitable reading of Confucian texts provides a basis for feminist movements and LGBT+ rights.  The fluid nature of yin-yang cosmology may support gender fluidity. Ann Pang-White, Director of Asian studies at The University of Scranton and the editor of The Bloomsbury Research Handbook of Chinese Philosophy and Gender, suggests that "yin-yang cosmology when appropriately understood does not necessarily support a rigid oppositional split of 'femininity/female/women versus masculinity/male/men.' Rather, since all things embrace both yin and yang, all things embody some degree of both femininity and masculinity".[9]: 6   Confucianism has its own reasons to support same-sex marriage. "Based on the premise that homosexual desires are natural" and with "the advancement of reproductive technology" in the modern era, Sin-Yee Chan, Professor of Philosophy at University of Vermont, contends that "homosexual couples can maintain a Confucian family."[9]: 13   Criticism of Progressive Confucianism ranges from the etymological to the philosophical. Bao Wenxin, a researcher at Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, argues that given the layers of meaning embedded in the Chinese word ''progressive'' (进步), the label of Progressive Confucianism may be a vague one.[10] Bao points out that other than Progressive Confucianism, the term ''progressive'' is adopted by other schools of political philosophy, such as conservatism, liberalism and radicalism. In contemporary China, ''progressive/progress'' is predominantly owned by Chinese Marxist philosophy and is a term widely used in the writings of the Chinese Communist Party membership.[10] At first glance, Chinese readers might find it hard to tell what kind of ''progress'' Progressive Confucianism refers to.[10] Conservative Confucians, such as Jiang Qing, push back against Progressive Confucianism's more malleable view of traditions and inclusive nature. Meanwhile, Marxists and supporters of the Chinese Communist Party would object to Progressive Confucianism's support for liberal democracy.[citation needed]  Confucius Mencius Xunzi Dong Zhongshu Gongsun Hong Tian Ganying Zhengming Xiao Li Ren Xin Yi Zhi Neo-Confucianism Han Learning Taigu school Lingnan Confucianism New Confucianism Progressive Confucianism Old Text New Text Korea Japan Indonesia United States Ruzang Classic of Poetry Book of Documents Book of Rites Book of Changes Spring and Autumn Annals Analects Mencius Doctrine of the Mean Great Learning Three Commentaries Rites of Zhou Ceremonial Rites Classic of Filial Piety Erya Confucian ritual religion Temple of Confucius Holy Confucian Church Indonesian Confucian Church Universal Church of the Way and its Virtue Phoenix churches Xuanyuanism Shengdao v t e"
1937–38 Gillingham F.C. season;" During the 1937–38 English football season, Gillingham F.C. competed in the Football League Third Division South at the third tier of the English football league system.  It was the 18th season in which Gillingham competed in the Football League.  The team won only three times in 19 Football League matches between August and December, in November and December they played six league games and lost every one without scoring a goal, leaving them bottom of the division at the end of 1937.  Although Gillingham's performances improved in the second half of the season, with seven wins between January and May, they remained in last place at the end of the season, meaning that the club was required to apply for re-election to the League.  The application was rejected and as a result the club lost its place in the Football League.  Gillingham also competed in two knock-out competitions.  The team were eliminated in the first round of the FA Cup but reached the second round of the Third Division South Cup.  The team played 45 competitive matches, winning 11, drawing 6 and losing 28.  Jimmy Watson was the club's top goalscorer with 8 goals in Third Division South matches and 13 in all competitions.  Dave Whitelaw and Tug Wilson made the most appearances, both played 42 games.  The highest attendance recorded at the club's home ground, Priestfield Road, was 9,831 for a game against Millwall on 9 October 1937.  The 1937–38 season was Gillingham's 18th season playing in the third and lowest level of the Football League.  The club had been among the founder members of the Football League Third Division in 1920, which was renamed the Third Division South when a parallel Third Division North was created a year later.  In Gillingham's 17 seasons in this division, the team had consistently struggled, only finishing in the top half of the league table three times.  They had finished in the bottom two on four occasions, requiring them to apply each time for re-election to the League, most recently in the 1931–32 season.[2][3]  Alan Ure was the club's manager, he had been appointed at the conclusion of the previous season following the resignation of Fred Maven.[4] Jack Oxberry assisted him in the role of trainer.[5]  The club signed several new players, including Jimmy Nichol, who arrived from Portsmouth, Nichol had spent three seasons with Gillingham in the 1920s and returned for a second spell with the club at the age of 34.[6][7]  The veteran half-back was appointed team captain.[8]  Other new signings included Bryan Dalton from Reading, Fred Smith from Exeter City, Albert Taylor from Lincoln City, Cyril Walker from Watford, and Archie Young from Leicester City.[9]  The team wore Gillingham's usual kit of blue shirts and white shorts.[5]  Pre-season matches between Football League members were not permitted at the time and clubs instead generally prepared for the season with a public trial match between two teams chosen from within their own squad of players.[10][11]  Gillingham staged such a match in August but it had to be abandoned at half-time due to torrential rain.[12]  The club's first match of the season, on 28 August, was away to Bristol City, Nichol, Young, Smith, Walker, Taylor, and Dalton all made their debuts and Taylor scored Gillingham's first goal of the season, but his team lost 3–1, the correspondent for the Sunday Dispatch wrote that Gillingham "did not impress".[13][14]  Four days later, Gillingham played the first game of the season at their home ground, Priestfield Road, a goal from Walker gave them a 1–0 win over Newport County.  The Daily Herald's reporter praised Gillingham's full-backs and forwards but identified the poor quality of their half-backs as a "serious problem".[13][15]  After a draw against Watford, Gillingham lost three consecutive games.[13]  The run of defeats ended with a 5–3 victory away to Exeter City on 18 September, the most goals the team would score in a match during the season.[13]  Both Smith and Walker scored twice.[16]  Gillingham ended September 18th out of 22 teams in the Third Division South league table.[17]  Gillingham's first four matches of October all resulted in defeat, beginning when they lost 2–0 away to Aldershot.[13]  A week later the team lost to Millwall, having been three goals down at half-time, Gillingham scored twice in the second half but lost 3–2.[18]  It was the last game in a Gillingham shirt for both long-serving full-back Fred Lester and Walker, who had only joined the club at the start of the season,[13] both were transferred to Sheffield Wednesday of the Second Division hours before Gillingham's next match.[19]  After two further defeats, Gillingham were bottom of the Third Division South table.  Full-back George Tweed, a new signing from Bristol Rovers, made his debut on 23 October and would play in every game for the remainder of the season.[13][20]  The team ended their winless run by defeating fellow strugglers Walsall in the final match of October and ended the month 21st in the table, above Walsall on goal average.[21]  During November and December Gillingham played six Third Division South games and lost every one without scoring a goal.[13]  The sequence began on 6 November with a 4–0 defeat away to Cardiff City,[22] and continued with a 2–0 defeat at home to Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic,[23] after which Gillingham were bottom of the table.[24]  Gillingham next lost 1–0 away to Brighton & Hove Albion, the Sunday Pictorial's correspondent praised Gillingham's goalkeeper, Dave Whitelaw, and full-back Bill Armstrong for restricting the victors to one goal.[25]  After further defeats away to Southend United and Torquay United, Gillingham's last game of 1937 was a 1–0 defeat away to Notts County, the attendance of 23,337 at Meadow Lane was the largest in front of which Gillingham played during the season.[13]  The result meant that they finished the calendar year bottom of the Third Division South with 8 points from 19 games, 7 points below 21st-placed Aldershot.[26]  Gillingham's first game of 1938 was at home to Bristol City, Albert Brallisford scored Gillingham's first league goal since October to give his team a 1–0 win.  A week later, Gillingham lost again, being defeated 5–1 at home by Queens Park Rangers, the first time they had conceded as many goals during the season.[13]  The team remained unbeaten for the remainder of the month with two draws and a victory over Exeter City,[13] but stayed bottom of the table.[27]  Two young players, 20-year-old Charlie Campbell and 18-year-old Fred Herbert, made their Football League debuts against Exeter and Herbert scored Gillingham's second goal.[28]  Herbert would remain a regular in the team for the rest of the season, missing only two matches.[13]  Gillingham lost four of their five games in February, the second a 5–0 defeat away to Millwall which was the team's heaviest defeat of the season,[13] all the goals came in the second half.  Gillingham finished the game with ten men after Frank Donoghue, making his Football League debut, was carried off injured.[29]  The next game, a 2–1 defeat at home to Clapton Orient, drew an attendance of 1,789, the lowest of the season for any Gillingham game, either home or away.[13]  In their first game of March, Gillingham defeated Northampton Town at Priestfield Road, Herbert scored twice to take his league tally to five goals in six games.[13]  After losing 3–1 away to Walsall, Gillingham won home games against Notts County on 16 March and Cardiff City three days later, the first time the team had won two consecutive games during the season.[13]  The reporter for the Daily Herald wrote that George Ballsom and Reginald Neal were "outstanding" against Cardiff but that overall the quality of the game was "rarely worthy of League class",[30] the victory lifted Gillingham off the bottom of the league table, putting them one point above Walsall.[31]  Gillingham lost 2–0 away to Bournemouth on 26 March but remained 21st in the table at the end of March.[13][32]  Gillingham's first two matches of April resulted in a draw and a defeat, but they remained 21st in the table, one point above Walsall.[33]  In a nine-day period beginning on 15 April, Gillingham played four matches and lost three of them.  The sequence began with a 3–0 defeat away to Crystal Palace, Norman Brickenden, a 23-year old goalkeeper, made his debut and was praised for his performance by the correspondent for the Daily News, but the same writer criticised Gillingham's forwards as "unbalanced" and "too individualistic" in their play.[34][35]  After beating Southend United the next day Gillingham lost again to Crystal Palace, taking a 2–0 lead in the first half before conceding four goals after the interval.[36]  The result left them once again bottom of the table.[37]  Gillingham lost two of their final three games, finishing with a 2–0 defeat away to Reading, the team's 26th league defeat of the season.[13]  Gillingham finished bottom of the division with 26 points from 42 games, the points total was the lowest and the number of defeats the highest recorded by the team in 18 seasons in the Football League.[2]    As a Third Division South club, Gillingham entered the 1937–38 FA Cup in the first round, where they were paired with fellow Third Division South club Swindon Town.  Jimmy Watson scored Gillingham's only hat-trick of the season, including two goals from penalty kicks, but his team lost 4–3 and were eliminated from the competition.[39]    Gillingham entered the 1937–38 Third Division South Cup in the first round, where they played Brighton & Hove Albion, the attendance was reported as 2,000, one of the lowest of the season at Priestfield Road.  Watson scored twice in a 3–1 win for Gillingham.  In the second round, Gillingham played Millwall, with a number of fringe players brought into the team in place of regular starters, Gillingham lost 4–0, ending their participation in the competition.[13]    During the season, 32 players made at least one appearance for Gillingham.  Whitelaw and Tug Wilson made the most, both played in 42 of the team's 45 competitive matches.  Syd Hartley was the only other player to take part in 40 or more matches.  Four players made only one appearance each, including Richard Maudsley, who played in one Third Division South Cup game but never made an appearance in the Football League for Gillingham or any other club.[40][41] Bill Williams also played his only game in a Gillingham shirt during the season, Leslie Williams made his sole Football League appearance for Gillingham during the season but remained with the club and played non-League football the following season, as did Donoghue, whose one Football League game for Gillingham during the season was the only appearance he made in the competition during his career.[42][43]  Watson was the team's top goalscorer, with eight goals in the Third Division South and five in the cup competitions.  He was the only player to reach double figures, Herbert had the second-highest total, despite playing in fewer than half the team's games, with seven goals.[13]  FW = Forward, HB = Half-back, GK = Goalkeeper, FB = Full-back  As a result of finishing last, Gillingham were again required to apply for re-election.[3]  The only non-League club to apply to join the Third Division South was Ipswich Town, who had finished third in the Southern League.[44]  They joined the two bottom teams in the division, Walsall and Gillingham, in a ballot among the League's member clubs for two places in the division for the subsequent season.  Ipswich received 36 votes, Walsall 34, and Gillingham 28, meaning that Ipswich were elected to the Football League and Gillingham lost their place.[45]  After initial rumours that the club would fold completely,[46] Gillingham returned to the Southern League and finished third in that league's First Division in the 1938–39 season.[47]  The club applied to rejoin the Football League at the first opportunity, but the application was rejected.[48]  Gillingham would be elected back into the Football League when it increased its membership by four clubs in 1950.[3][49]  In result column, Gillingham's score shown first H = Home match A = Away match pen. = Penalty kick o.g. = Own goal In result column, Gillingham's score shown first H = Home match A = Away match pen. = Penalty kick o.g. = Own goal In result column, Gillingham's score shown first H = Home match A = Away match pen. = Penalty kick o.g. = Own goal"
Donald Edmond Pelotte;" Donald E. Pelotte SSS (April 13, 1945 – January 7, 2010) was an American prelate of Abenaki descent in the Roman Catholic Church.  He served as the third bishop of the Diocese of Gallup in New Mexico from 1986 to 2008.[1] Pelotte was the first Native American to be appointed a Catholic bishop in the United States.  Donald Pelotte was born on April 13, 1945, in Waterville, Maine, to Norris Albert Pelotte and Margaret Yvonne LaBrie Pelotte. His father was Abenaki[2],[3][4][5][6][7] and his mother was of French-Canadian descent. Donald and his twin brother Dana were the youngest of five brothers.   Donald Pelotte studied at Eymard Seminary in Hyde Park, New York during his high school years. He did his college studies John Carroll University in Cleveland, Ohio and later completed doctoral studies at Fordham University in New York City. His doctoral dissertation was entitled: John Courtney Murray, Theologian in Conflict: Roman Catholicism and the American Experience. This was later published in book form by Paulist Press.[8]  Pelotte was ordained a priest on September 2, 1972, by Bishop Edward Cornelius O’Leary.[9]At age 33, he became the Provincial Superior of the Congregation of the Blessed Sacrament and was the youngest major superior of a religious community of men in the United States at the time.  On February 24, 1986, Pope John Paul II named Pelotte as coadjutor bishop of the Diocese of Gallup, he was consecrated on May 6, 1986 by Archbishop Robert Fortune Sanchez.[1] Upon the retirement of Jerome J. Hastrich, then Bishop of Gallup, on March 31, 1990, Pelotte automatically replaced him.[8]  From 1986 to 2008, Pelotte also served as the episcopal moderator of the Tekakwitha Conference, an association of Native American and First Nation Catholics.[10]  In 1992, Pelotte walked out of the Tekawitha annual meeting.  This was in response to a dissident group within the conference that accused the Catholic Church of ignoring Native American rituals.[7]  Pelotte is also the only known Roman Catholic bishop to have ordained his own twin brother. Pelotte ordained Father Dana F. Pelotte to the priesthood, on September 4, 1999, in Waterville.[11]  On July 23, 2007, Pelotte suffered a traumatic brain injury at his Gallup home. According to chancery officials and a police report, Pelotte said that he fell down his stairs.  He was hospitalized at John C. Lincoln Hospital in Phoenix, Arizona, spending some time in the intensive care unit.[12]  On January 3, 2008, Pope Benedict XVI appointed Thomas J. Olmsted, the bishop of Phoenix, as apostolic administrator sede plena of the Diocese of Gallup, and granted Pelotte a one-year leave of absence to continue his recovery.[13]  One year later, after seeing pictures of himself from the Emergency Department, Pelotte said he was no longer sure that his injuries were the result of a fall.  This statement fueled speculation that his injuries came from being assaulted.[14]  On April 30, 2008, Pope Benedict XVI accepted Pelotte's resignation as bishop of the Diocese of Gallup.[15][1]  O December 30, 2009, Pelotte was hospitalized in Gallup in critical condition. He died on January 7, 2010. The funeral mass for Pelotte was held on January 14, 2010, at the Sacred Heart Cathedral in Gallup. Per his wishes, he was buried in the crypt of the cathedral.[16] "
List of heads of government of the Central African Republic;"   This article lists the heads of government of the Central African Republic. There have been twenty-five heads of government of the Central African Republic and the Central African Empire. The office of Prime Minister, the head of government, was created when the Central African Republic became an autonomous territory of France in December 1958. It was originally the highest post of the Central African Republic, though France did maintain a governor in the territory. After the Central African Republic declared its independence and became a republic on 13 August 1960, David Dacko held both the Prime Minister and newly created President of the Central African Republic posts briefly before eliminating the Prime Minister position and placing all executive power in the office of the President.  President Jean-Bédel Bokassa restored the office of Prime Minister to assist him in governing the country in 1975, shortly before he declared himself Emperor. He selected Elisabeth Domitien to become Africa's first female head of government. After Domitien was removed from office, Bokassa named Ange-Félix Patassé to become his next Prime Minister. Patassé continued serving as Prime Minister after Bokassa declared the establishment of the Central African Empire in December 1976. Henri Maïdou succeeded Patassé and continued serving as Prime Minister after Bokassa was overthrown from power. During the following two years of Dacko's presidency, three more politicians served as Prime Minister. The post was abolished when Dacko was overthrown from the presidency by Andre Kolingba on 1 September 1981. The position, as it exists today, was recreated in 1991, when President Kolingba was forced to relinquish some of the executive power. The President has the authority to name the Prime Minister and can remove them from office at any time. The Prime Minister is the head of the government, within days of being appointed, they must select individuals for their Cabinet, who they will work with to coordinate the government.  According to a ceasefire agreement signed between the government and the Séléka rebel coalition on 11 January 2013, President François Bozizé was required to appoint a new Prime Minister from the political opposition after the National Assembly of the Central African Republic is dissolved and legislative elections are held. According to the agreement, this will happen on 11 January 2014 at the latest.[1] Nicolas Tiangaye, who was selected as Prime Minister by the opposition and rebels, was appointed as Prime Minister on 17 January 2013.[2]  The current Prime Minister of the Central African Republic is Félix Moloua, since 7 February 2022.[3]  For heads of government with multiple affiliations, the political party listed first is the party the person was affiliated with at the beginning of the tenure.  Human rights LGBT rights President Faustin-Archange Touadéra Prime Minister Félix Moloua Council of Ministers National Assembly President: Laurent Ngon Baba Senate President: TBD PrefecturesSub-prefectures Prefectures Sub-prefectures Recent elections General: 2015–162020–21 General: 2015–16 2020–21 Political parties Ministry of Foreign Affairs Minister: Sylvie Baïpo-Temon Diplomatic missions of / in the Central African Republic Passport Visa requirements Visa policy Other countries v t e   Movement for the Social Evolution of Black Africa (MESAN)   Central African Democratic Union (UDC)   Central African Democratic Rally (RDC)   Civic Forum (FC)   Social Democratic Party (PSD)   Movement for the Liberation of the Central African People (MLPC)   National Unity Party (PUN)   Patriotic Front for Progress (FPP)   United Hearts Movement (MCU)   Independent A  Goumba had served as President of the Government Council since 26 July 1958.[6] When the Central African Republic became a territorial autonomy, he served as the acting leader the government from 1 December 1958 to 8 December 1958. B  Boganda was killed in a mysterious plane crash on 29 March 1959, while en route to Bangui.[48] The exact cause of the crash was not determined,[49] but sabotage was widely suspected.[50] Experts found a trace of explosives in the plane's wreckage, but revelation of this detail was withheld. Although those responsible for the crash were never identified, people have suspected the French secret service, and even Boganda's wife, of being involved. C  Dacko removed the Prime Minister position and consolidated power in the Presidency. D President for Life Jean-Bédel Bokassa established a new government on 2 January 1975 and reintroduced the position of Prime Minister. He appointed Domitien as president of MESAN and Prime Minister of the Central African Republic.[11] E  Domitien was removed from office because she publicly expressed her disapproval of Bokassa's plans to establish a monarchy in the Central African Republic.[51] Bokassa then had her placed under house arrest.[52] F  On 4 December 1976, Bokassa instituted a new constitution and declared the republic a monarchy, the Central African Empire.[53] G  President Dacko appointed Maïdou as Vice President on 27 September 1979.[21] H  Prime Minister Ayandho was dismissed from office on 22 August 1980 by Dacko, who saw him as a political threat, and placed under house arrest.[16] I  Dacko created the Central African Democratic Union in February 1980 as the country's only political party.[54] J  Malendoma was removed as Prime Minister and replaced by Lakoué.[55] K  In April 1995, Mandaba resigned as Prime Minister, preempting a threatened vote of no-confidence from his own party, following accusations of incompetence and corruption.[28] L  Gbezera-Bria was named Prime Minister on 30 January 1997 to replace Ngoupande, who had been accused of siding with disgruntled soldiers, who had sparked a mutiny on 15 November 1996 to demand higher wages. Ngoupande also didn't strongly support President Patassé's decision to call in French troops to suppress the soldier uprising.[56] M  President Patassé fired Dologuélé on 1 April 2001 and replaced him with Ziguélé, a senior diplomat who had served as ambassador to Benin for the last two years. Patassé did not provide an explanation for his decision, but political observers state that the nonpartisan Dologuélé had become widely unpopular with the ruling MLPC party.[57] N  Ziguélé left office when François Bozizé seized power on 15 March 2003. O  On 11 December 2003, Goumba was dismissed as Prime Minister and was appointed as Vice President.[58] P  Gaombalet resigned as Prime Minister on 11 June 2005 after being elected as Speaker of the National Assembly on 7 June.[59] Q  In mid-January 2008, members of the National Assembly filed a censure motion against the Doté government, in response to countrywide civil service strike initiated by trade unions to protest the government's failure to pay arrears to government employees.[60] On 18 January, Doté announced his resignation as Prime Minister.[61] R  Tiangaye resigned with President Michel Djotodia in N'Djamena, Chad on 10 January 2014.[62] Emperor of Central Africa List of heads of state of the Central African Republic Vice President of the Central African Republic List of colonial governors of Ubangi-Shari Lists of office-holders Appiah, K. Anthony, Gates, Henry Louis Jr., eds. (1999), Africana: The Encyclopedia of the African and African American Experience (1st ed.), New York: Basic Books, ISBN 0-465-00071-1, OCLC 41649745. Clark, John F., Gardinier, David E., eds. (1997), Political Reform in Francophone Africa, Boulder: Westview Press, ISBN 0-8133-2785-7, OCLC 35318507. Kalck, Pierre (2005), Historical Dictionary of the Central African Republic (3rd English ed.), Lanham, Maryland: The Scarecrow Press, ISBN 0-8108-4913-5, OCLC 55487416. Lentz, Harris M. (1994), Heads of States and Governments: A Worldwide Encyclopedia of Over 2,300 Leaders, 1945 through 1992, Jefferson, North Carolina: McFarland & Company, ISBN 0-89950-926-6, OCLC 30075961. Marsden, Hilary, ed. (1987), Whitaker's Almanack, 1988, London: J Whitaker and Sons, ISBN 0-85021-178-6, OCLC 17305204. Murison, Katharine, ed. (2003), Africa South of the Sahara 2004 (33rd ed.), London: Europa Publications, ISBN 1-85743-183-9, OCLC 52621809. Stewart, John (1989), African States and Rulers: An Encyclopedia of Native, Colonial and Independent States and Rulers Past and Present, Jefferson, North Carolina: McFarland & Company, ISBN 0-89950-390-X, OCLC 18781224. Titley, Brian (1997), Dark Age: The Political Odyssey of Emperor Bokassa, Montreal: McGill-Queen's University Press, ISBN 0-7735-1602-6, OCLC 36340842. Mehler, Andreas (2005),  Villalón, Leonardo A., VonDoepp, Peter (eds.), The Fate of Africa's Democratic Experiments: Elites and Institutions, Bloomington, Indiana: Indiana University Press, ISBN 0-253-34575-8, OCLC 57414663."
1980–81 Israel State Cup;" The 1980–81 Israel State Cup (Hebrew: גביע המדינה, Gvia HaMedina) was the 42nd season of Israel's nationwide football cup competition and the 27th after the Israeli Declaration of Independence.  The competition was won by Bnei Yehuda who have beaten Hapoel Tel Aviv 4–3 in penalty shoot-out, after 2–2 in the final.  Starting with this edition, if a match is drawn, a replay is to be played, drawn replays are to be settled with extra time and penalty shootouts. This does not include the final and the semi-final, which are still to be settled without replays.    100 Years of Football 1906-2006, Elisha Shohat (Israel), 2006, p. 250 5 upsets in the Football State Cup Davar, 25.1.1981, Historical Jewish Press (in Hebrew) Kiryat Gat - Lod 4:2, Sderot - Beitar Tel Aviv 0:0 Davar, 22.2.1981, Historical Jewish Press (in Hebrew) Upset in the State Cup: Maccabi Be'er Sheva (Liga Bet) eliminated Kiryat Shmona Davar, 4.3.1981, Historical Jewish Press (in Hebrew) Bnei Hatzor from Liga Bet upset Givat Olga Davar, 5.3.1981, Historical Jewish Press (in Hebrew) Cup (Pages 2-5) Hadshot HaSport, 15.3.1981, archive.football.co.il (in Hebrew) Cup (Page 7) Hadshot HaSport, 18.3.1981, archive.football.co.il (in Hebrew) v t e 1928 1929 1930 1931 1932 1933 1934 1935 1936 1937 1938 1939 1940 1941 1942 1943 1944 1945 1946 1947 1948 1949 1949–51 1951–52 1952–53 1953–54 1954–55 1955–56 1956–57 1957–58 1958–59 1959–60 1960–61 1961–62 1962–63 1963–64 1964–65 1965–66 1966–67 1967–68 1968–69 1969–70 1970–71 1971–72 1972–73 1973–74 1974–75 1975–76 1976–77 1977–78 1978–79 1979–80 1980–81 1981–82 1982–83 1983–84 1984–85 1985–86 1986–87 1987–88 1988–89 1989–90 1990–91 1991–92 1992–93 1993–94 1994–95 1995–96 1996–97 1997–98 1998–99 99–2000 2000–01 2001–02 2002–03 2003–04 2004–05 2005–06 2006–07 2007–08 2008–09 2009–10 2010–11 2011–12 2012–13 2013–14 2014–15 2015–16 2016–17 2017–18 2018–19 2019–20 2020–21 2021–22 2022–23 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 v t e Liga Leumit Liga Artzit Liga Alef Liga Bet Liga Gimel Liga Dalet State Cup Super Cup Results 1982 World Cup qualification Maccabiah Games Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv Hapoel Be'er Sheva Hapoel Haifa Hapoel Jerusalem Hapoel Kfar Saba Hapoel Petah Tikva Hapoel Ramat Gan Hapoel Rishon LeZion Hapoel Tel Aviv Hapoel Yehud Maccabi Jaffa Maccabi Netanya Maccabi Petah Tikva Maccabi Ramat Amidar Maccabi Tel Aviv Shimshon Tel Aviv v t e Albania Austria Belgium Bulgaria Cyprus Czechoslovakia Denmark '80 '81 England Faroe Islands '80 '81 Finland '80 '81 France East Germany West Germany Greece Hungary Iceland '80 '81 Israel Italy Luxembourg Malta Netherlands Northern Ireland Norway '80 '81 Poland Portugal Republic of Ireland Romania Scotland Soviet Union '80 '81 Spain Sweden '80 '81 Switzerland Turkey Yugoslavia Albania Austria Belgium Bulgaria Cyprus Czechoslovakia Denmark England Faroe Islands '80 '81 Finland '80 '81 France East Germany West Germany Greece Hungary Iceland '80 '81 Israel Italy Liechtenstein Luxembourg Malta Netherlands Northern Ireland Norway '80 '81 Poland Portugal Republic of Ireland Romania San Marino Scotland Soviet Union '81 Spain Sweden Switzerland Turkey Wales Yugoslavia England Republic of Ireland Scotland Soviet Union '81 European Cup (Final) Cup Winners' Cup (Final) UEFA Cup (Final) Super Cup Intertoto Cup Balkans Cup"
Ward v. Tesco Stores Ltd.;"   Ward v. Tesco Stores Ltd. [1976] 1 WLR 810, is an English tort law case concerning the doctrine of res ipsa loquitur ("the thing speaks for itself"). It deals with the law of negligence and it set an important precedent in so called "trip and slip" cases which are a common occurrence.  The plaintiff slipped on some pink yoghurt in a Tesco store in Smithdown Road, Liverpool. It was not clear whether or not Tesco staff were to blame for the spillage. It could have been another customer, or the wind, or anything else. Spillages happened roughly 10 times a week and staff had standing orders to clean anything up straight away. As Lawton LJ observed in his judgment,[1]  A member of the staff helped to pick the plaintiff up. The manager was called. The plaintiff was taken to his office. She was dealt with there in a kindly and considerate way. The defendants offered to, and did, arrange for such of her clothes as had been soiled by the fall to be cleaned. That was all the plaintiff was able to prove, save for one additional fact. About three weeks later when she was shopping in the same store she noticed that some orange squash had been spilt on the floor. She kept an eye on the spillage for about a quarter of an hour. During that time nobody came to clear it up. The trial judge had held in Mrs Ward's favour and she was awarded £137.50 in damages. Tesco appealed.  It was held by a majority (Lawton LJ and Megaw LJ) that even though it could not be said exactly what happened, the pink yoghurt being spilled spoke for itself as to who was to blame. Tesco was required to pay compensation. The plaintiff did not need to prove how long the spill had been there, because the burden of proof was on Tesco. Lawton LJ's judgment explained the previous case law, starting with Richards v. WF White & Co. [1957] 1 Lloyd's Rep.  "A dock labourer who was working on a ship in dock which was being unloaded slipped on a patch of oil and injured himself. At the material time between 300 and 400 men in various trades were working on the ship. In the course of his judgment Devlin J said. at p 369:  “If there had been evidence which showed that there was some danger, not perhaps of oil but some other danger, which was being left on the ship for two or three days, or anything of that sort, which the shipowners were doing nothing about, a prima facie case of negligence would be made out, but to make out a prima facie case of negligence in a case of this sort, there must, I think, be some evidence to show how long the oil had been there, some evidence from which it can be inferred that a prudent shipowner, who had a reasonable system of inspection for the purpose of seeing that dangers of this sort were not created, ought to have noticed it.”  That case was decided on its own facts. I doubt whether Devlin J. intended to make any general statement of principle. If he did. I would not agree with what he said. This case, too, has to be decided on its own facts, to which established principles must be applied. The relevant principles were enunciated in the classical judgment of Erle CJ in Scott v. London and St Katharine Docks Co. (1865) 3 H&C 596, 601:  “where the thing is shown to be under the management of the defendant or his servants, and the accident is such as in the ordinary course of things does not happen if those who have the management use proper care, it affords reasonable evidence, in the absence of explanation by the defendants that the accident arose from want of care.” Now, in this case the floor of this supermarket was under the management of the defendants and their servants. The accident was such as in the ordinary course of things does not happen if floors are kept clean and spillages are dealt with as soon as they occur. If an accident does happen because the floors are covered with spillage, then in my judgment some explanation should be forthcoming from the defendants to show that the accident did not arise from any want of care on their part, and in the absence of any explanation the judge may give judgment for the plaintiff. Such burden of proof as there is on defendants in such circumstances is evidential, not probative. The judge thought that prima facie this accident would not have happened had the defendants taken reasonable care. In my judgment he was justified in taking that view because the probabilities were that the spillage had been on the floor long enough for it to have been cleaned up by a member of the staff.  The next question is whether the defendants by their evidence gave any explanation to show that they had taken all reasonable care. The only explanation which they gave was that to which I have already referred. The judge weighed the evidence and decided as a matter of fact from which in this case there can be no appeal that the precautions taken were not enough, and that the plaintiff in consequence had proved her case. In coming to that conclusion he followed the judgment of Lord Goddard, CJ in Turner v. Arding & Hobbs Ltd. [1949] 2 All ER 911 Lord Goddard said, at p 912:  “The duty of the shopkeeper in this class of case is well-established. It may be said to be a duty to use reasonable care to see that the shop floor, on which people are invited, is kept reasonably safe, and if an unusual danger is present of which the injured person is unaware, and the danger is one which would not be expected and ought not to be present, the onus of proof is on the defendants to explain how it was that the accident happened.” It is clear from a later passage in his judgment that Lord Goddard CJ, in referring to the burden of proof, was not saying that the defendants had to disprove negligence. What he had intended to say is apparent from what he said later on the same page:  “Here, however, I think that there is a burden thrown on the defendants either of explaining how this thing got to the floor or giving me far more evidence than they have as to the state of the floor and the watch that was kept on it immediately before the accident.”  The judge had that passage in mind when he decided as he did. In my judgment he was right, and accordingly I would dismiss this appeal." Omrod LJ disagreed with Lawton LJ and Megaw LJ on the basis that Tesco did not seem to have been able to do anything to have prevented the accident. He argued that they did not fail to take reasonable care, and in his words, the accident "could clearly have happened no matter what degree of care these defendants had taken." "
Josia aurifusa;"   Josia aurifusa is a moth of the  family Notodontidae. It is endemic to Venezuela.  Larvae have been recorded on Passiflora rubra and Passiflora capsularis.    This article on a moth of the family Notodontidae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Josia glycera Druce, 1885 Josia conifera Warren, 1905 Species page at Tree of Life project Wikidata: Q6290356 CoL: 3QR64 GBIF: 1823417 IRMNG: 10634900 LepIndex: 62246 v t e"
Sundome;" Sundome (すんドめ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kazuto Okada. It was serialized in Akita Shoten's seinen manga magazine Young Champion from 2006 to 2009, with its chapters collected in eight tankōbon volumes. It was adapted into four live-action films released from 2007 to 2009. The manga was licensed in North America for English release by Yen Press.  The story is centered on a 15-year-old high school student named Hideo Aiba (Atsushi Ninomya), a member of a school club called the Roman Club. (ROMAN here is a rendering of romance, vernacular fiction, the club's supposed purpose is the search for ghosts, UFOs, and the paranormal.) The story centers around his quid pro quo relationship with a girl named Kurumi Sahana (Akane Suzuki). Most of the events begin as an outing of the Roman Club. Occasionally, Hideo will be out on his own with Kurumi. This is usually at night, serving to contrast the playful daytime events.  Sundome is written and illustrated by Kazuto Okada. It was serialized in Akita Shoten's seinen manga magazine Young Champion from May 23, 2006 to October 13, 2009.[4][5] Eight bound volumes of the manga have been released by Akita Shoten between November 20, 2006 and November 20, 2009.[6][7] It has been licensed in English by Yen Press,[8] which released the volumes between January 2008 and December 2010.[9] It has also been licensed in Taiwan by Ever Glory Publishing and in Spain by Editorial Ivrea.[10][11]  The manga was adapted into four films. All the films are directed by Daigo Udagawa. The first film premiered in Japanese cinemas on November 20, 2007.[12] The first film was released on a DVD on December 21, 2007,[13] the second DVD on March 23, 2008,[14] the third DVD on December 22, 2008[15] and the fourth DVD on November 6, 2009.[16] The box set containing all four movies was released on November 6, 2009.[17] A new film, titled "Sundome New" and "Sundome New 2" was released on 2017.[18]   Manga Worth Reading's Ed Sizemore commends the first volume's artwork saying, "Where it really stands out is in the emotionally (sexual or otherwise) intense moments. Here Okada uses true blacks and darker greys to really contrast these panels with the normal narrative panels. It’s an effective device that intuitively lets the reader know something significant is happening. Also, Okada is an excellent cheesecake artist. This is best seen in those moments when Hideo is awash in desire as he is looking at Sahana. Okada draws her in such a way that we can feel his desire as well."[19] A review of the second volume by Sizemore comments on the "difficult, almost stomach-churning" relationship between Kurumi and Hideo. He further comments that Hideo "reminds me of the Mark Heard lyric, “You will weather well, in a climate of love.” I can't help but hope that he will rises from the ashes of this relationship. I want him to make friends with people who will genuinely care for him and nurture him to become a well-rounded, well-adjusted man".[20] Sizemore comments that "the Roman club is a twisted version of Genshiken for its members". He also commends Okada's artwork, stating that he is "a master of communicating emotional content. Not just the simple emotions of happiness and sadness, but even the complex emotions of desire, pensiveness, gentleness, and frustration. In volume three, we get to see him be visually playful when drawing the student council president and his many exaggerated facial expressions".[21] On the fifth volume, Sizemore comments " I love the scene where Katsu is showing Kyouko how to get to the next level of a game. It’s refreshing and cute to see them bond like that".[22]  For all its kinks and fetishes, Sundome is surprisingly dull when it comes to plot ideas: a challenge against the brawny martial arts club, a creepy nighttime ghost hunt, a sneaky attempt to get into the nurse's office, and other paint-by-number school comedy scenarios. Enjoyment of the story is further hindered by the crowded, frenzied layouts: a lot of essential action is crammed into painfully small panels, with big blocks of dialogue to make things even more visually strained. And if that doesn't hurt your eyes enough, then the designs surely will: it's a fool's errand trying to tell the male characters apart (as if they even had personalities in the first place), and the only way Kurumi would be considered attractive is if you have a thing for oddly skinny girls.  Kevin Leathers reviewing for the UK Anime Network criticises the artwork for exaggerating "certain aspects of the body". He comments that the artwork of the manga "seem to take cues from series like GTO and every other manga that has characters drawn in over the top ways to show how crazy they are acting".[24] Comic Book Resources's Danielle Leigh comments on the manga's art, saying "[it] is very disturbing since Kurumi really is just a young adolescent girl and Hideo a very young man — seeing them depicted so graphically bothers me, but what bothers me more is knowing this comics’ primary goal is to titillate its audience through these depictions, and because I think it does do more than that I can't simply dismiss it because I dislike its sexualized representations of young adults".[25] Pop Culture Shock's Erin Finnegan criticises the manga by saying "I found the book neither funny nor titillating. Everything is toned too dark, and the characters designs are unappealing".[26] Jason Thompson, in his online appendix to Manga: The Complete Guide, states that the manga is "like a porn film (or porn manga) which never quite gets to the money shot". He further comments that "love comedy fans will shy away from the general mood of degradation, not to mention the grotesque art, but to its credit the manga never pretends to be cute, it’s florid sex-obsession and adolescent angst from beginning to end, and gradually it turns into a psychodrama about Kurumi’s upbringing and the connection between these two lonely souls".[27]  Despite the fact that most manga released in the U.S. share the more standard art styles seen in popular shojo, shonen, and seinen series, there are also plenty of Japanese artists using a more ‘comicky’ style. Each of these styles usually lends itself to the particular theme of the artist’s story and I can appreciate each style for what it accomplishes. The ‘comicky’ style of ‘noodle-limbs’ and over-exaggerated facial expressions in nearly every panel is commonly seen in comedies and it works well enough. Being a comedy, Okada’s ‘comicky’ art style should work well with Sundome, but the story is also very provocative. Much of this book revolves around sexual situations and fanservice, which I don’t feel works as well with a ‘comicky’ art style. Okada’s characters seem flat, and that creates stiff looking characters. This causes problems because female depictions tend to work against the feeling of sexiness their actions try to evoke. Perhaps with time Okada’s skill will increase, giving better flow to the art and story. But for now, the art and story seem to wrestle with each other during the sexual situations. The Japan Times's Mark Schilling condemns the first Sundome film for trying to be a pink film by illustrating "its fetishistic eroticism and raunchy sense of humor" through "Atsushi Ninomiya as the hugely frustrated hero, behave as much as possible like the manga originals, which involves much exaggerated posing, moaning, howling and other hormone-driven behavior".[29]  Coming-of-age[1] Romantic comedy[2] Sex comedy[3]"
Swimming at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metre freestyle;"   The women's 100 metre freestyle event at the 1992 Summer Olympics took place on 26 July at the Piscines Bernat Picornell in Barcelona, Spain.[1]  Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.  The following records were established during the competition:  Rule: The eight fastest swimmers advance to final A (Q), while the next eight to final B (q).[2]  [3]  v t e"
List of mountains in Slovenia;"   Mountains of Slovenia are part of the Alps and of the Dinarides.  The Alps in Slovenia can be divided into:  In the Inner Carniola, the highest peaks are Veliki Snežnik (1,796 metres (5,892 ft), part of the Snežnik plateau and the highest non-Alpine peak in Slovenia, and Suhi vrh (1,313 metres (4,308 ft)), part of the Nanos plateau. They're both part of the Dinaric Alps, a mountain chain that spans towards the southeast. The highest peak is Snežnik.  Part of the Dinaric Alps are also the Gorjanci mountain range, and in the Slovenian Istria, Mt. Slavnik (1,028 m) and Mt. Vremščica (1,027 m).  Listed below are all the mountains in Slovenia with a peak elevation above 2,000 metres (6,600 ft).    Julian Alps (Slovene: Julijske Alpe) in the northwestern part of Slovenia. The highest peak is Mount Triglav - 2,864 metres (9,396 feet) above sea.[1] Karawanks (Slovene: Karavanke)- a massive ridge that forms a natural boundary between Slovenia and Austria. The highest peak is Mt. Stol - 2,236 m ((7,336 feet).[1] Kamnik–Savinja Alps (Slovene: Kamniško-Savinjske Alpe) lie to the south of Karawanks. The highest peak is Mt. Grintovec - 2,558 m (8,392 feet) above sea.[1]"
BirdLand Theatre;" BirdLand Theatre is a non-profit performing arts company located in downtown Toronto, Ontario. It was founded in 2003 by Artistic Producer Zorana Kydd.[1] BirdLand Theatre concentrates on contemporary plays and the development of new works with focus on humanity and the human condition in the urban setting.  In 2006, the company won 5 Dora Mavor Moore Awards for The Last Days of Judas Iscariot by Stephen Adly Guirgis for: Outstanding Production, Outstanding Direction, Outstanding Performance by a Female, Outstanding Performance by a Male and Outstanding Lighting Design.[2]    This Canadian theatre-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This Toronto-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
C. C. L. Gregory;"   Christopher Clive Langton Gregory (13 May 1892 – 24 November 1964) was a British astronomer, who established the University of London Observatory.[1]  Gregory was born in Parkstone, Dorset and lived in Swanage, Dorset in 1911 and in Hendon, Middlesex in 1939. He died in Crookham-with-Ewshott, Hampshire.[2]  His son by his first wife, Helen Patricia (née Gibson), was the psychologist Richard Gregory (1923–2010). His second wife was Anita (née Kohsen).  The National Portrait Gallery has a photograph of Gregory taken in 1939.[3]    This article about a British astronomer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Durango (racing team);" Durango Automotive SRL was an Italian auto racing team founded in 1980 by Ivone Pinton and Enrico Magro, which competed in Formula 3000, the 24 Hours of Le Mans and the GP2 Series. The team finished racing after withdrawing from the Italian round of the 2009 GP2 Series season, although it was linked to Jacques Villeneuve and his bid to return to Formula One for the 2011 season.[1]  The Durango team took part in the Italian Formula Three Championship from 1987 to 1992. They expanded to compete in the International Formula 3000 Championship and the British Formula Two Championship in 1991, and entered a Lancia LC2 in the 1991 24 Hours of Le Mans, under the banner of Veneto Equipe. Durango took part in the Renault Formula Two championship and Euroseries in 1994 and continued to race in Formula Three until 1999.  In 2003, Durango designed and built a Le Mans Prototype car, the PM02, to compete in the FIA Sportscar championship and the Le Mans 24 Hours. The car was powered by a Judd GV4 V10 engine. The team participated for the 2nd time in the 24 Hours of Le Mans and finished in 24th position, after qualifying 18th. The car's best result was a 4th place at the Estoril round of the FIA sportscar championship. The car was never raced again after the 2003 season.  In 2005, Durango became part of the GP2 Series, a new series designed to help young drivers enter into Formula One. In 2006, the team participated in Formula Azzurra, a series supported by the Italian Karting Federation.[2] Due to financial problems the team was forced to withdraw from the final races of the 2009 GP2 Series season, and pulled out of competing in the 2009-10 GP2 Asia Series season.[3]  Durango attempted to enter Formula One in 2010, when the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile opened an entry process for an additional thirteenth team.[4] The team principal Ivone Pinton stated there were investors only interested with competing in F1,[4] and announced a partnership with 1997 Formula One champion Jacques Villeneuve. The team would compete as Villeneuve Racing and Villeneuve would initially be one of the two drivers.[5] The FIA did not accept any of the applications for the 2011 season.[6]  (key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate fastest lap)  (key) (Races in bold indicate pole position, races in italics indicate fastest lap) "
HiLog;" HiLog is a programming logic with higher-order syntax, which allows arbitrary terms to appear in predicate and function positions.[1] However, the model theory of HiLog is first-order. Although syntactically HiLog strictly extends first order logic, HiLog can be embedded into this logic.  HiLog was first described in 1989.[2] It was later extended in the direction of many-sorted logic.[3]  The XSB system parses HiLog syntax, but the integration of HiLog into XSB is only partial. In particular, HiLog is not integrated with the XSB module system. A full implementation of HiLog is available in the Flora-2 system.  It has been shown that HiLog can be embedded into first-order logic through a fairly simple transformation.[1] For instance, p(X)(Y,Z(V)(W)) gets embedded as the following first-order term: apply(p(X),Y,apply(apply(Z,V),W)).[1]  The Framework for Logic-Based Dialects (RIF-FLD) of the Rule Interchange Format (RIF) is largely based on the ideas underlying HiLog and F-logic.[4]  In all the examples below, capitalized symbols denote variables and the comma denotes logical conjunction, as in most logic programming languages. The first and the second examples show that variables can appear in predicate positions. Predicates can even be complex terms, such as closure(P) or maplist(F) below. The third example shows that variables can also appear in place of atomic formulas, while the fourth example illustrates the use of variables in place of function symbols. The first example defines a generic transitive closure operator, which can be applied to an arbitrary binary predicate. The second example is similar. It defines a LISP-like mapping operator, which applies to an arbitrary binary predicate. The third example shows that the Prolog meta-predicate call/1 can be expressed in HiLog in a natural way and without the use of extra-logical features. The last example defines a predicate that traverses arbitrary binary trees represented as first-order terms. "
The Rockpile;" The Rockpile (also known as Elliot Combat Base) and known in Vietnamese as Thon Khe Tri, is a solitary karst rock outcropping north of Route 9 and south of the former Vietnamese Demilitarized Zone (DMZ). Its relatively inaccessible location, reached only by helicopter, made it an important United States Army and  US Marine Corps observation post and artillery base from 1966 to 1969.  The Rockpile is located in Vietnam approximately 10 miles (16 km) from the southernmost boundary of the DMZ and 16 miles (26 km) west of Dong Ha. A Marine reconnaissance team described the cone shaped as a "toothpick-type mountain stuck out in the middle of an open area with a sheer cliff straight up and down".[1] The mountain rises almost 790 feet (240 m) from the Cam Lo River bottom and sits astride several major infiltration routes from North Vietnam and Laos. The visually dominating figure, which would come to be a familiar landmark for soldiers fighting the war for the DMZ, sits just one kilometer from the vital Route 9. Impressive as it was within the immediate vicinity, the Rockpile is overshadowed by other, much higher hills in nearly every direction. To the Rockpile's northwest is Dong Ke Soc mountain that stands at over 2,200 feet (670 m), to the direct north is Nui Cay Tri (later known as Mutter's Ridge after the radio call sign of the 3rd Battalion, 4th Marines who would defend it), and to the northeast is Dong Ha Mountain.[2] Atop the Rockpile is a plateau-like summit that is 40 feet (12 m) long by 17 feet (5.2 m) across at its widest point.[3]  The Rockpile was first observed and made note of by a small Marine reconnaissance team on 4 July 1966. The area later became a key outpost from which American and South Vietnamese forces could observe movements by the North Vietnamese People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN) and Viet Cong (VC) troops near the DMZ and in the central and west sectors of northern I Corps.[4]  The Rockpile is located at the junction of five major valleys less than 10 miles away from the hotly contested DMZ and held a commanding view over the surrounding area including several key infiltration routes.[5] The mountain's height made it ideal for observation as it was possible to see ships in the South China Sea approximately 20 miles (32 km) to the east, while what was called "Ghost Mountain" in Laos was visible to the west on a clear day.[6]  The hill's relative location to Route 9 gave the Rockpile an added significance. Route 9 runs parallel to the DMZ from Dong Ha, past the Rockpile, and on through Khe Sanh before becoming a dirt track that crosses the border into Laos.[7] In addition, its location gave the American forces an upper hand in the defense and supply of Khe Sanh Combat Base, Ca Lu Combat Base and Camp Carroll as it was possible to interdict potential ambushes along Route 9. Mountains positioned on either side of Route 9 near the Rockpile provided the PAVN/VC with excellent cover to mount any ambushes against allied convoys travelling through the area. For these reasons the United States high command decided to keep the Rockpile and the surrounding area as secure as possible for several years during the height of the conflict.[8] Ultimately, the United States' occupation of the Rockpile forced the PAVN/VC to use higher and more dangerous infiltration routes to the west closer to Laos because the normal routes through the Cam Lo and Dong Ha areas were essentially closed off.[9]  When it was first observed in July 1966, there was still a large enemy force operating at the base and in the shadow of the Rockpile. The fight for the mountain occurred during Operation Hastings and involved 8,000 Marines and 3,000 South Vietnamese soldiers. The base at Dong Ha was used as a staging area to mount an attack on the DMZ and the area around the Rockpile. Brigadier General Lowell English, a commander in charge of Operation Hastings, stated that the Marines sought to take the North Vietnamese by surprise on their crucial infiltration routes and to smash and destroy their force in the DMZ region before they had a chance to regain balance or momentum. By the operation's end on 3 August 1966 the United States had accounted for at least 824 confirmed PAVN soldiers killed and 214 captured weapons compared to the 126 Marines killed and 448 wounded.[10] The Rockpile officially came under the control of American troops by the end of July 1966 when a small observation team landed on the summit. The PAVN immediately attempted to remove the Marines from their defensive position, but several attempts at scaling the Rockpile and striking the top and sides with mortar rounds proved ineffective. Operation Prairie swung the momentum for the mountain's fight after waves of Marines stormed into the area to reinforce the troops around the Rockpile and fortify its defenses.[9] From then on the Rockpile was often manned by at least a squad of United States Marines, who received supply drops by helicopters and would go on to launch numerous operations from the base of the mountain.[4]  The military officially named the camp Elliott Combat Base, but more often than not it was simply known as the Rockpile. The location seemed vulnerable to many of the soldiers that defended it due to its location in the center of an open valley, along a river, with elephant grass growing much closer to the perimeter of the base than most other camps located throughout northern South Vietnam. Once inside the barbed wire boundary, the congested and disorganized layout of the base area was immediately noticeable. Tents, low bunkers, and trenches commingled across the camp in no particular order or arrangement. The three largest tents at the Rockpile all possessed dirt floors with canvas sides and served as a kitchen, a mess hall, and a first-aid station. The dining tent had no chairs or tables, but instead long planks were positioned slightly over waist high so soldiers could stand and eat.[11]  Battalions stationed at the Rockpile also had the responsibility of maintaining an outpost on top of the peak as well. Generally a twenty man contingent, composed mostly of Army technicians, operated at the summit with sophisticated detection and communication equipment that monitored the DMZ. The summit could easily be defended against attack and was well within the capability of such a small group to repel any attempt to overtake the mountain. Typically the provisional Marine team, including an officer, was rotated every thirty days and became one of the most sought after positions in the DMZ as it was considered the safest place in the area due to its fortress-like pinnacle. In fact, many Marines regarded the Rockpile and Elliot Combat Base as the ideal location to be stationed because there was a high likelihood they would make it through their tour, which typically lasted from a week to two months at the base, unscathed. On top of the Rockpile was a large helicopter pad constructed from heavy timbers.[12] Most of the base's supplies were delivered via helicopter due to its relatively inaccessible location, however, pilots often had to abort landing because of heavy fog, intense rain, and winds exceeding fifty miles per hour.[9]  Just as Nui Cay Tri Mountain, or Mutter's Ridge, would be synonymous with the 3rd Battalion, 4th Marines, the Rockpile was consequently linked with the 3rd Battalion, 3rd Marines. The battalion was regularly stationed there and in charge of the mountain's defense for a majority of the fight for the DMZ.[7]   This article incorporates public domain material from websites or documents of the United States Marine Corps.  History of the United States Marine Corps List of United States Marine Corps installations Con Thien Khe Sanh Cam Lo Combat Base Operation Hastings Operation Prairie"
Greatest Hits (Alice Cooper album);" Alice Cooper's Greatest Hits is the only greatest hits album by American rock band Alice Cooper, and their last release as a band. Released in 1974, it features hit songs from five of the band's seven studio albums. It does not include any material from their first two albums, Pretties for You and Easy Action.  This compilation's song versions were remixed by Jack Richardson at the time, with the remix of "I'm Eighteen" being released as a single in the US. The reason behind remixing the songs was perhaps to boost its appeal as "new" versions because no new tracks were available for inclusion by the group as they were on hiatus at the time.  This compilation was expanded upon when, in 2001, Rhino released Mascara & Monsters: The Best of Alice Cooper, which includes the original single versions of the songs in addition to a number of Cooper's post-1974 hits as a solo artist, filling up the entire CD.  The album's cover art was designed by Ernie Cefalu and features a sepia-toned Drew Struzan illustration of the band members in front of a 1930s garage, accompanied by such period movie stars as Humphrey Bogart, Clark Gable, Robert Taylor, Edward G. Robinson, Jean Harlow, Peter Lorre, and Groucho Marx. The inner sleeve features a similar illustration of the band surrounded by these and other stars of Hollywood's golden age such as Marilyn Monroe, Gary Cooper, Judy Garland, Errol Flynn, Clara Bow, Boris Karloff, Zasu Pitts, Tyrone Power, Bela Lugosi, Marlene Dietrich, Tallulah Bankhead, Veronica Lake and Alan Ladd. A depiction of the St. Valentine's Day Massacre is in the upper middle. The album was released by Friday Music records on vinyl in 2013 with a Gatefold cover, mimicking the 1974 Australian release of the album,[2] which was the only territory where it was originally released with a Gatefold sleeve.  with:  ^ Shipments figures based on certification alone.  "I'm Eighteen" (Alice Cooper, Glen Buxton, Michael Bruce, Dennis Dunaway, Neal Smith) – 2:58 Original version on Love It to Death  Original version on Love It to Death  "Is It My Body" (Cooper, Buxton, Bruce, Dunaway, Smith) – 2:41 Original version on Love It to Death Original version on Love It to Death "Desperado" (Cooper, Bruce) – 3:29 Original version on Killer  Original version on Killer  "Under My Wheels" (Bruce, Dunaway, Bob Ezrin) – 2:46 *Original version on Killer  *Original version on Killer  "Be My Lover" (Bruce) – 3:22 *Original version on Killer  *Original version on Killer  "School's Out" (Cooper, Buxton, Bruce, Dunaway, Smith) – 3:30 Original version on School's Out  Original version on School's Out  "Hello Hooray" (Rolf Kempf) – 4:18 Original version on Billion Dollar Babies  Original version on Billion Dollar Babies  "Elected" (Cooper, Buxton, Bruce, Dunaway, Smith) – 4:08 Original version on Billion Dollar Babies  Original version on Billion Dollar Babies  "No More Mr. Nice Guy" (Cooper, Bruce) – 3:07 Original version on Billion Dollar Babies  Original version on Billion Dollar Babies  "Billion Dollar Babies" (Cooper, Bruce, Smith) – 3:43 Original version on Billion Dollar Babies  Original version on Billion Dollar Babies  "Teenage Lament '74" (Cooper, Smith) – 3:54 Original version on Muscle of Love  Original version on Muscle of Love  "Muscle of Love" (Cooper, Bruce) – 3:45 Original version on Muscle of Love  Original version on Muscle of Love  Alice Cooper – vocals, harmonica Glen Buxton – lead guitar Michael Bruce – rhythm guitar, keyboards, backing vocals Dennis Dunaway – bass guitar, backing vocals Neal Smith – drums, backing vocals Steve Hunter – guitar solos on "Billion Dollar Babies" and "Hello Hooray""
Trefor, Gwynedd;"   Trefor is a village on the north coast of the Llŷn Peninsula in Gwynedd, Wales. With nearby Llanaelhaearn it makes up Llanaelhaearn community, which has a combined population of 1,117. Trefor is the larger of the two settlements, with a population of 814 as of 2011 census. It is in the historic county of Caernarfonshire.  Trefor is 9 miles (14 km) north of Pwllheli and 13 miles (21 km) south of Caernarfon. It is surrounded by the sea and mountains, overlooking Caernarfon Bay.  Just off the main A499 road, Trefor has a small harbour and a beach with some sand. At the top of the beach is an emergency telephone to summon help in the event of a maritime emergency. The land behind the beach is made of boulder clay deposited during the last glaciation, and is being slowly eroded by the sea. Because of this land erosion, a large expanse of clay is exposed when the tide is out which is dangerous to walk on.  Rising steeply behind the village is Yr Eifl, a range of three hills that dominate the skyline. A granite quarry, known to the locals as Y Gwaith Mawr ("the large works"), Trefor Granite Quarry or the Yr Eifl Quarry, opened in 1850. The industrial narrow-gauge railway—Trefor Quarry railway—opened in 1865 and brought mined and refined rock from the quarry to the pier on the coast. From here it was transported via a conveyor belt onto ships, but the railway was gradually replaced by road transport. Large-scale industry ended with its closure in 1960, after which began the clean up: many of the buildings were demolished, rubble was either discarded beside the roads or/and buried, and the majority of the rail tracks were removed and reused as fence and gate posts, which can still be seen around the village. The rare properties of the granite within the quarry made it the perfect material to produce curling stones for the winter Olympics. Trefor is one of only two locations where this particular granite is found (the other being Ailsa Craig in Scotland).[1]  Tre'r Ceiri, the second highest of the hills, has one of the best examples of a Stone Age or Neolithic settlement in Europe on its summit. Views from the summits, on a clear day, extend to Ireland, the whole of Cardigan Bay, Anglesey, Snowdonia, and the northern mountains of England. The central peak, the tallest at 561 metres (1,841 ft), is called Garn Ganol, the summit nearest the sea, and the lowest, is Garn For, home to the quarry.  There is one school in Trefor, a primary school called Ysgol yr Eifl.  There was a football club in Trefor, which was re-established in the 2000–01 season. It has won one cup in its history, in the 2001–02 season.  There are two retail outlets in Trefor: a village shop which opens between 7.00 am and 7.00 pm Monday to Friday with shorter hours at the weekend, and a post office. To the north end of the village is a children's play area. It is possible to go on a pushchair-friendly circular walk, starting at the play area, down to the beach, across the headland and back into the village again.  Visitors can surf the other side of the harbour wall at Trefor. It can be a nice left-hand point over a stony reef thrown off the headland. There is a small pier next to the harbour, it has been deemed unsafe so is currently closed to the public.  Since 2015 a cycle club has been established in the village and surrounding area called Clwb Beicio'r Eifl.[2] Its members regularly take part in sportives and club rides.  Quarry at Trefor, 1956  Sant Sior Church  Overlooking Trefor village and beach  Photograph of a group of wild mountain goats grazing at Trefor by Yr Eifl, Penrhyn Llŷn  Llanaelhaearn Gwynedd Dwyfor Meirionnydd Dwyfor Meirionnydd Alice Gray Jones (1852–1943), Welsh writer and editor, known by the pseudonym "Ceridwen Peris" Sir John Morris-Jones (1864–1929), Welsh grammarian, academic and Welsh-language poet.    Quarry at Trefor, 1956       Sant Sior Church       Overlooking Trefor village and beach       Photograph of a group of wild mountain goats grazing at Trefor by Yr Eifl, Penrhyn Llŷn   "
Gulbrandsen Lake;"   Gulbrandsen Lake is a lake 0.5 miles (0.8 km) long lying north of Neumayer Glacier in South Georgia. It is now an empty basin, the moraine and or ice dam formed by the Neumeyer Glacier no longer contains this lake. It was charted and named "White City" by the British expedition under Ernest Shackleton, 1921–22, but this name is considered unsuitable and has never been used locally. Gulbrandsen Lake was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1957 for Gunnar Gulbrandsen, a pattern-maker at the Compañía Argentina de Pesca station at Grytviken, 1927–30, carpenter at Stromness, 1945–46, and variously carpenter, dock foreman, dockmaster, and junior officer at the South Georgia Whaling Company station, Leith Harbour, for several years beginning in 1946.[1]   This article incorporates public domain material from "Gulbrandsen Lake". Geographic Names Information System. United States Geological Survey.    This South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Panos Bardis;" Panos Demetrios Bardis (1924–1996) was a Greek American sociologist specializing in study of the family across cultures. He was professor of sociology at the University of Toledo.      This biographical article about a Greek academic is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This biography of a European sociologist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. The family in changing civilizations (1969) Encyclopedia of campus unrest (1971) Studies in marriage and the family (1975) The future of the Greek language in the United States (1976) The family in Asia (1979) [coauthor Man Singh Das] History of thanatology: philosophical, religious, psychological, and sociological ideas concerning death, from primitive times to the present (1981) Dictionary of quotations in sociology (1985) Marriage and family: continuity, change, and adjustment (1988) South Africa and the Marxist movement: a study in double standards (1989) "Synopsis and Evaluation of Theories Concerning Family Evolution", Social Science 38 (1963): 42–52. W. K. Lacey, The Family in Classical Greece (1968). Reviewed for Journal of Marriage and the Family 34 (1972): 180–181. "Silent Dr. X" / Panos Bardis. "EI" Magazine of European Art Center (EUARCE) 6st issue  1994 p. 13&24-25 Panos Bardis died. "Apodemon Epos" Magazine of European Art Center (EUARCE) of Greece, 3st issue 1997 p.4 https://docs.wixstatic.com/ugd/bbb0cf_a70a7dadf1f844cab45b9708dea20fcf.pdf Panos Bardis. The more fascinated I am, the more I believe(A')."Apodemon Epos" Magazine of European Art Center (EUARCE) of Greece, 5st issue 1998 p.1-5 https://docs.wixstatic.com/ugd/bbb0cf_154eb57bcb214901b001eb7ec1db0634.pdf Panos Bardis. The more fascinated I am, the more I believe(B')."Apodemon Epos" Magazine of European Art Center (EUARCE) of Greece, 6st issue 1998 p.1-3 https://docs.wixstatic.com/ugd/bbb0cf_f3fad7ebc5e24ddf973a40e15b54074e.pdf ISNI 1 1 VIAF 1 1 WorldCat Norway France (data) Germany Israel United States Australia Korea Netherlands CiNii (Japan) Faceted Application of Subject Terminology RERO (Switzerland) 1 1 SUDOC (France) 1 1 v t e v t e"
Siedlce railway station;" Siedlce railway station is a railway station in Siedlce, Poland. As of 2011, it is served by Koleje Mazowieckie (which runs the KM2 services from Warszawa Zachodnia to Łuków and KM31 services from Siedlce to Czeremcha), Przewozy Regionalne (InterRegio services between Łuków and Bielsko Biała Główna), and PKP Intercity. The station was opened in 1866.    This article about a Polish railway station is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Station article at kolej.one.pl  Media related to Siedlce train station at Wikimedia Commons v t e"
Roossenekal;"   Roossenekal is a town in Elias Motsoaledi Local Municipality in the Limpopo province of South Africa.  Village on the western slopes of the Steenkampsberg, 95 km north-east of Middelburg. It was proclaimed in January 1886 and named after two soldiers who died in the war against Mapoch's tribe - Stefanus Johannes Roos, Field-Cornet of the Potchefstroom commando, and Frederick Senekal, Commandant of the Rustenburg commando.[2]    This Limpopo location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Association for Educational Communications and Technology;" The Association for Educational Communications and Technology (AECT), is an academic and professional association that promotes educational uses of technology. Members provide leadership in the field by promoting scholarship and best practices in instructional technology and educational technology.  AECT's headquarters is in Bloomington, Indiana, having moved from Washington, DC in 1999.    AECT publishes three journals:   AECT sponsors the International Student Media Festival (ISMF) and sponsors an annual academic conference.[1]  This article about an education organization is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. TechTrends, a bimonthly for "leaders in technology and education" Educational Technology Research and Development, a bimonthly academic journal The Quarterly Review of Distance Education, a quarterly academic journal J. Michael Spector, past president of AECT Christopher Dede"
Orlando City Hall;" Orlando City Hall is the headquarters of the City of Orlando government. The downtown city hall is a 9 floor, postmodern building constructed by Lincoln Property Company and completed in 1992.[1][2] The building is located in downtown Orlando at the CNL Center City Commons building complex, on the corner of South Orange Avenue and South Street.  Construction of the $32 million city hall was overseen by assistant city attorney Lew Oliver[3] and was financed with revenue bonds.[4]  The previous eight-story city hall building was blown up in the opening scene of Lethal Weapon 3.[1]    This article about a building or structure in Florida is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. List of tallest buildings in Orlando"
Kuzman Knoll;" Kuzman Knoll (Kuzmanova Mogila \'kuz-ma-no-va mo-'gi-la\) is a solitary ice-covered knoll rising to 620 m in eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.  The knoll forms a conspicuous landmark in Wörner Gap area, overlooking Huron Glacier and upper Perunika Glacier.  It was named after Kuzman Tuhchiev, participant in the 1993/94 Bulgarian Antarctic campaign and base commander at St. Kliment Ohridski during the 1994-96 seasons.  The feature is named ‘Tukhchiev Knoll’ by the U.S. and British Antarctic naming committees, "Kuzman Knoll" is the official Bulgarian name, which is established among the Spanish and Bulgarian scientists working in the area.  First ascent by the Bulgarians Kuzman Tuhchiev and Vasil Gurev from St. Kliment Ohridski Base during the 1994/95 season.  The knoll is located at 62°38′09.8″S 60°09′42.4″W﻿ / ﻿62.636056°S 60.161778°W﻿ / -62.636056, -60.161778Coordinates: 62°38′09.8″S 60°09′42.4″W﻿ / ﻿62.636056°S 60.161778°W﻿ / -62.636056, -60.161778 which is 1.1 km north-northeast of Camp Academia site, 1.1 km east of the midpoint of Wörner Gap, 3.68 km east-northeast of the summit of Pliska Ridge, 4.07 km north-northeast of Mount Friesland, 3 km southeast of Mount Bowles and 3.32 km southwest of Atanasoff Nunatak (Bulgarian mapping in 1996, 2005 and 2009, from 1995/96 and 2004/05 topographic surveys respectively).   This article includes information from the Antarctic Place-names Commission of Bulgaria which is used with permission.    This Livingston Island location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. South Shetland Islands. Scale 1:200000 topographic map. DOS 610 Sheet W 62 60. Tolworth, UK, 1968. Islas Livingston y Decepción.  Mapa topográfico a escala 1:100000.  Madrid: Servicio Geográfico del Ejército, 1991. S. Soccol, D. Gildea and J. Bath. Livingston Island, Antarctica. Scale 1:100000 satellite map. The Omega Foundation, USA, 2004. L.L. Ivanov et al., Antarctica: Livingston Island and Greenwich Island, South Shetland Islands (from English Strait to Morton Strait, with illustrations and ice-cover distribution), 1:100000 scale topographic map, Antarctic Place-names Commission of Bulgaria, Sofia, 2005 L.L. Ivanov. Antarctica: Livingston Island and Greenwich, Robert, Snow and Smith Islands. Scale 1:120000 topographic map. Troyan: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2010. ISBN 978-954-92032-9-5 (First edition 2009. ISBN 978-954-92032-6-4) Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR), 1993–2016. Kuzman Knoll. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English) Kuzman Knoll. Copernix satellite image v t e"
The War (Dix triptych);" The War (German: "Der Krieg"), sometimes known as the Dresden War Triptych, is a large oil painting by Otto Dix on four wooden panels, a triptych with predella.  The format of the work and its composition are based on religious triptychs of the Renaissance, like those by Matthias Grünewald. It was begun in 1929 and completed in 1932, and has been held by the Galerie Neue Meister in Dresden since 1968. It is one of several anti-war works done by Dix in the 1920s, inspired by his experience of trench warfare in the First World War.   Dix was an art student in Dresden before the First World War. He was conscripted in 1915, and served in the Imperial German Army as a machine gunner on the Eastern and Western Fronts. He returned to study at the Dresden Academy of Fine Arts, and then in Italy.  After the war, he was a founder of the short-lived avant-garde Dresdner Sezession art group, and then supported the post-expressionist New Objectivity movement. The anti-war art that Dix created after 1920 was inspired by his horrific experiences in the trenches.  Before this triptych, he completed his large anti-war painting The Trench in 1923, which caused great controversy when first exhibited, and he published a portfolio of fifty prints also entitled Der Krieg in 1924.  Dix became a professor at the Dresden Academy in 1927. He started working on the triptych soon after the tenth anniversary of the end of the First World War, as a reaction to the popular public perception of the war as a heroic experience. The painting was first exhibited at the autumn exhibition of the Berlin Academy of Arts in 1932.  Many of Dix's works were condemned as degenerate art by the Nazi Party, but the triptych was hidden by Dix and survived. Several of Dix's preparatory cartoons are held by the Hamburger Kunsthalle. The War was bought by the Galerie Neue Meister in Dresden for 500,000 Deutsche Marks in 1968.  The triptych has three main panels, with a fourth as a supporting panel or predella below the main central panel. The large central panel is a 204 cm (80 in) square, the flanking panels to either side the same height but half the width, 102 cm (40 in) each, and the predella below the central panel has the same width but is only 60 cm (24 in) high.   From left to right, the left wing depicts a column of German soldiers marching away from the viewer through the fog of war towards the battle in the central scene.  The central panel shows a devastated urban landscape scattered with war paraphernalia and body parts, reworking the themes in his 1923 work The Trench, and divided like the 16th century Isenheim Altarpiece of Matthias Grünewald with a living side to the lower left and a dead side to the upper right. A skeletal figure floats above the scene, pointing to the right, with a soldier in gas mask below, and scabrous legs upended to the right, recalling the legs of Christ in Grünewald's crucifixion scene. The right wing shows several figures withdrawing from the fight. A dominant greyish figure, helping a wounded comrade, is a self-portrait of Dix, in a composition similar to a descent from the cross or a pietà. In the predella, several soldiers are lying next to each other, possibly sleeping under an awning, or perhaps they represent the dead in a tomb. This fourth panel is based on The Body of the Dead Christ in the Tomb by Hans Holbein the Younger.  The painting uses a restricted palette of mainly dark colours, with cold greens, greys, and whites for death and decay, and warm reds and oranges for blood, destruction and shellfire.    Dresden Triptych The War, Otto Dix 1929–32, Google Arts & Culture Der Krieg (Triptychon), Staatliche Kunstsammlungen Dresden Otto Dix: Der Krieg - das Dresdner Triptychon OTTO DIX (1891-1969), Der Krieg engravings,. Christie's, 19 September 2017 Tatar, Maria. "Fighting for Life: Figurations of War, Women, and the City in the Work of Otto Dix." German Politics & Society, no. 32 (1994): 28–57. https://www.jstor.org/stable/23736326. Unpacking a painting Otto Dix, Der Krieg: Mitteltafel - Karton zu dem Triptychon "Der Krieg", 1930 v t e The Match Seller (1920) Prague Street (1920) The Skat Players (1920) The Trench (1920–1923) Portrait of the Dancer Anita Berber (1925) Hugo Erfurth with Dog (1926) Portrait of the Journalist Sylvia von Harden (1926) Metropolis (1927–1928) The War (1932) Stormtroopers Advance Under a Gas Attack (1924) The War (1924) Otto-Dix-Haus Museum Haus Dix New Objectivity Martha Dix (wife) Sylvia von Harden (model) The Painter Otto Dix and His Wife, Martha (1925-1926 August Sander photograph)"
Sam Hirst;"   Sam Hirst (31 March 1875 — 17 January 1937) was an English first-class cricketer.  Hirst was born in March 1875 at Netherton, Yorkshire. A professional cricketer, he became the professional for Uddingston Cricket Club in 1899.[1] He was selected to represent Scotland in a first-class match against the touring Australians at Edinburgh in 1905.[2][n 1] Playing as an opening batsman, he scored 28 runs in the Scottish first innings before being dismissed by Charlie McLeod, while in their second innings he was dismissed for 33 runs by the same bowler.[4] He left his role at Uddingston as a player–coach in September 1905, being replaced by the Yorkshire professional Arthur Broadbent.[5] Hirst died in January 1937 at Almondbury, Yorkshire. "
List of Happy Tree Friends home video releases;"   This is a list of Happy Tree Friends DVD releases. As of 2020, eleven titles have been released.  The first three volumes were releases as a boxed set on October 4, 2005, which includes a Third Strike disc with the regular features plus five bonus episodes:  Released on October 4, 2005, the Winter Break DVD features the winter themed episodes:  Released on November 5, 2013, this DVD includes all episodes from 1999 to 2012.[citation needed]  "Remains to Be Seen" "Blind Date" "Suck It Up!" "From A to Zoo" "Mole in the City" Tongue Twister Trouble Snow What? That's What! Class Act Out On a Limb Stealing the Spotlight Ski Ya, Wouldn't Wanna Be Ya! Ski Patrol Reindeer Kringle Tree Kringle Feast Kringle Karoling Kringle Ski Kringle Train Kringle Yulelog Pretty Colors Snow Daze Happy Tree Friends List of Happy Tree Friends episodes"
Paul Gordon;" Paul Gordon may refer to:  Paul Gordon (basketball) (1927–2002), American basketball player Paul Gordon (hurler) (born 1990), Irish hurler Paul Gordon (composer) (born c. 1954), composer-lyricist of Jane Eyre and other musicals Paul Gordon (musician) (1963–2016), American keyboardist and guitarist Paul A. Gordon (1930–2009), Seventh-day Adventist and former director of the Ellen G. White Estate Paul Gordan (1837–1912), German mathematician"
Kapiti Marine Reserve;" Kapiti Marine Reserve is  a protected area on two sides of Kapiti Island, off the southern west coast of the North Island of New Zealand. It was created in 1992.  The reserve covers an area of 2,167 hectares (8.37 sq mi)[1] in two non-contiguous sections. The Western section lies off the north-west coast of Kapiti Island. The Eastern section lies between the island and Paraparaumu Beach and Waikanae Beach on the mainland. It is 30 kilometres north of the city of Porirua.   Marine reserves of New Zealand"
Godoberi language;" Godoberi (also spelled Ghodoberi, self-designation Gijbdilhi mitts, other names include also called годоберинский язык, ღოდობერიული ენა, годоберийский язык, гъибдилIи мицци, Ɣibdiƛi micci, Godoberin) is an Andic language of the Northeast Caucasian language family spoken by the Godoberi in southwestern Dagestan, Russia. It is spoken by approximately 3,250 people.[2][3] There are only two dialects - Godoberi and Zibirhali, which differ mainly in pronunciation.[4] The Endangered Languages Project classifies the language as endangered based on the number of native speakers.[3]  The history of the Godoberis is unknown. The Godoberi language is the main thing distinguishes the cultural group from other groups in the area. When compared to other Andic languages, Godoberi is most similar to Chamalal and Botlikh. Some words are borrowed from by Avar, Turkish, and Arabic. After being incorporated into the Russian Empire in the 19th century and then ruled by the Soviet Union in the 20th century, there is a strong Russian influence in the Godoberi language.[4]  Native speakers of Godoberi live in two villages: Godoberi (Gjudu in Godoberi) and Zibirhali (Shalu in Godoberi). These villages are located in the mountains on the left bank of the Andi-Koisu River in Southwest Dagestan, a republic of Russia.[4][3]  Godoberi is not a written language, and it is used only in the home. Schools teach Avar and Russian. Native speakers of Godoberi use Avar or Russian as a written language. These two languages are also used when speaking to people from neighboring communities. The number of Godoberi speakers appears to have been stable for the last 40 years.[4]  Diphthongs are found only in Godoberi and in no other Daghestanain languages (example: c'ai 'fire').[5] There are 13 phonemic vowels: i, e, a, o, u, i:, e:, a:, o:, u:, ˜i, ã, ˜u. The accent system is extremely complex, especially for nouns.[5]  (H!H)  (HL)  (HH)  (HL-B)  (HL!)  (LL)  (HH!)  (LL-B)  (HH-B)  Singular words have three genders: masculine, feminine, and neuter. Plural words lack those three genders and instead have two noun classes: human or inanimate object. There are two types of adjectives: primary and participles. A majority of the primary adjectives do not have gender. The four types of participles are past, present, future, and non-future negative.[5] The numerical system does not vary greatly from other languages. Verb morphology is also regular compared to other languages in the Andic language family.   Avar–AndicAndicAkhvakh–TindiKarata–TindiBotlikh–TindiGodoberi AndicAkhvakh–TindiKarata–TindiBotlikh–TindiGodoberi Akhvakh–TindiKarata–TindiBotlikh–TindiGodoberi Karata–TindiBotlikh–TindiGodoberi Botlikh–TindiGodoberi Godoberi"
String Quartet No. 11 (Schubert);" The String Quartet No. 11 (D 353) in E major was composed by Franz Schubert in 1816. It was posthumously published as Op. 125 No. 2.  Allegro con fuoco (E major) Andante (A major) Menuetto: Allegro vivace (E major, with Trio in C major) Rondo: Allegro vivace (E major) Franz Schubert's Works, Series V: Streichquartette edited by Joseph Hellmesberger and Eusebius Mandyczewski. Breitkopf & Härtel, 1890. Otto Erich Deutsch (and others). Schubert Thematic Catalogue (several editions), No. 353. New Schubert Edition, Series VI, Volume 4: String Quartets II edited by Werner Aderhold, Bärenreiter, 1994. String Quartet No. 11: Scores at the International Music Score Library Project v t e For violin and piano Sonat(in)as D 384, 385 and 408 Duo in A major, D 574 Rondo in B minor, D 895 Fantasy in C major, D 934 Sonat(in)as D 384, 385 and 408 Duo in A major, D 574 Rondo in B minor, D 895 Fantasy in C major, D 934 Arpeggione Sonata, D 821 Sonatensatz for piano trio, D 28 String Trios D 111A, 471 and 581 Notturno for piano trio, D 897 Piano Trio No. 1, D 898 Piano Trio No. 2, D 929 "The Shepherd on the Rock", D 965 No. 1, D 18 No. 2, D 32 No. 3, D 36 No. 4, D 46 No. 5, D 68 No. 6, D 74 No. 7, D 94 Quartettsatz, D 103 No. 8, D 112 No. 9, D 173 No. 10 (Haushaltung), D 87 No. 11, D 353 No. 12 (Quartettsatz), D 703 No. 13 (Rosamunde), D 804 No. 14 (Death and the Maiden), D 810 No. 15, D 887 Rondo for violin and strings, D 438 Adagio and Rondo Concertante, D 487 Trout Quintet, D 667 Octet, D 803 String Quintet, D 956 List of compositions by genre by genre WorldCat (via Library of Congress) United States MusicBrainz (work)"
Grand Opera House, York;"   The Grand Opera House is a theatre in York, England.  It is located on Clifford Street and Cumberland Street in the city centre.  The theatre is operated as part of the Ambassador Theatre Group. It plays host to touring productions of plays, musicals, opera and ballet, one-off performances by comedians, and other theatrical and musical events. The theatre has been designated a Grade II listed building by English Heritage.[1]  The Grand Opera House was not built as a theatre. It was a conversion of two buildings, one a warehouse, the other a corn exchange designed by G. A. Dean in 1868. The architect, Mr J. P. Briggs of London, was commissioned to perform the conversion, which took three months and cost £24,000. The theatre opened as the Grand Theatre and Opera House on 20 January 1902 with a performance of a pantomime (Little Red Riding Hood), starring Florrie Forde.  Notes  Sources  Coordinates: 53°57′26″N 1°04′55″W﻿ / ﻿53.95726°N 1.08186°W﻿ / 53.95726, -1.08186  17 July 1902: the first public performances of films in York. Professor Herbert's animated pictures displayed in his 'Biograph Box'. The showing of films at the venue became a permanent feature from 1903-1916. 1903: the theatre was renamed as the Opera House and Empire Theatre. This was an economic move to attract a mass audience, as smoking was not permitted in high-class theatres but was in music hall type venues, smoking was very fashionable at this time. 1909: a major redecoration of the building was undertaken. 1916: the theatre was now known as the Empire Theatre. 1956: closed "... by the crippling Entertainment Tax."[2] 1958: Ernest Shepherd of the Shambles bought the theatre, now called the S. S. Empire [Shepherd of Shambles]. The stage and the rake to the stalls floor were removed to give a level surface for roller skating, bingo and wrestling bouts. The theatre remained in this configuration until 1985 when it closed for business. 1987: the property was purchased by the India Pru Company Ltd. who renovated the building and restored the decor to its 1909 Art Nouveau style. 26 September 1989: the theatre reopened as the Grand Opera House with a performance of Macbeth. After two years with mounting debts the theatre suddenly closed without warning. 26 February 1993: the theatre reopened again, retaining the name of the Grand Opera House. 3 November 2009: the theatre is acquired by Ambassador Theatre Group as part of the Live Nation Deal"
Sakarcaören, Orta;"   Sakarcaören is a village in the Orta district of Çankırı Province in Turkey.[1]    This geographical article about a location in Çankırı Province, Turkey is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Björn Axelsson;" Bjorn Axelsson (born July 12, 1948) is a Swedish organizational theorist and Professor of Business Administration at the Stockholm School of Economics, known for his work on industrial networks.[1][2]  Born in Uppsala County, Axelsson obtained his PhD at the Uppsala University in 1981[3] with the thesis, entitled "Wikmanshyttans uppgång och fall: en kommentar till angreppssättet i en företagshistorisk studie" (The rise and fall of the Wikmanshyttan steel works : a commentary to the approach in a company history study).  After his graduation, Axelsson started his academic career at Uppsala University, where he managed the Uppsala Executive MBA program since the mid 1980s. In 1998, he moved to the Jönköping International Business School, where he was appointed Professor in Marketing. In 2002, he moved to the Stockholm School of Economics, where he holds the Olof A Söderberg chair in Business Administration, and became head of the D-section. From 2005 to 2009, he also held the Silf Chair in Purchasing and Supply Management at the Stockholm School of Economics.[3]  Axelsson's research interests are in the field of "business- to- business markets both from marketing and sourcing/purchasing perspectives, but it also concerns the very functioning of such markets. The studies in both marketing and purchasing frequently address organizational issues. Themes such as effectively organizing marketing activities and creating strategic change in purchasing benefit from organization theories which therefore have become a very important scientific body of support."[3]  Articles, a selection:  Axelsson, Björn, and Geoff Easton, eds. Industrial networks: A new view of reality. Vol. 11. London: Routledge, 1992. Axelsson, Björn, and Finn Wynstra. Buying business services. John Wiley, 2002. Axelsson, Björn, and Jan Johanson. "Foreign market entry-the textbook vs. the network view." (1992): 218–234. In: Industrial Networks. A New View of Reality, Routledge, London, 1992, 218-234 Axelsson, Björn. "Corporate strategy models and networks-diverging perspectives." ACTA-UNIVERSITATIS UPSALIENSIS STUDIA OECONOMIAE NEGOTIORUM (1998): 303–322. Wynstra, Finn, Björn Axelsson, and Wendy van der Valk. "An application-based classification to understand buyer-supplier interaction in business services." International Journal of Service Industry Management 17.5 (2006): 474–496."
Valentin Năstase;"   Vasile Valentin Năstase (born 4 October 1974) is a Romanian retired footballer who played as a defender. He is currently a manager.  In 2002, he was signed by Venezia, but owner of Venezia, Maurizio Zamparini transferred most of the team players to his new owned club U.S. Città di Palermo.  In 2004, Palermo exchanged Năstase to Bologna for Cristian Zaccardo.  After a spell with Ascoli, Năstase returned to Romania in 2007, joining Dinamo Bucharest. However, he left the club after two months, having been made the scapegoat for the club's UEFA Champions League defeat against Lazio.[1]  In 2008, he joined the German Regionalliga Nord club Eintracht Braunschweig and on 30 June 2009 released.[2]    This biographical article related to a Romanian association football defender is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.   Cupa României: 1993–94 Divizia A: 1999–2000 Cupa României: 1999–2000, 2000–01 Serie B: 2003–04 Liga IV – Argeș County: 2015–16"
Gregory Bald;" Gregory Bald is a mountain in the Great Smoky Mountains.  It has an elevation of 4,949 feet (1,508 meters) above sea level.  The mountain's majestic summit makes it a popular hiking destination. Another feature that attracts many visitors are the flame azaleas that bloom over the bald every summer. The azaleas reach peak bloom around mid-to-late June.  Gregory Bald is located along the Tennessee-North Carolina border, between Blount County and Swain County.  It rises appx. 3,000 feet above its northern base in Cades Cove, and appx. 3,300 feet above its southern base at Fontana Lake.  The mountain is located entirely within the Great Smoky Mountains National Park.  Gregory Bald is a type of mountain known as a grassy bald.  Unlike most summits in the Appalachians, which are heavily forested or culminate in jagged peaks, grassy balds are covered by a thick layer of wild grass.  Trees and other foliage are sparse. How and why a summit develops into a grassy bald is unknown.  While there is evidence that Gregory Bald was a natural grassy bald, the National Park Service must currently work to prevent the summit from becoming forested.[2]  Gregory Bald is composed of a precambrian rock known as Elkmont sandstone.[3]  In a few places atop the mountain, sandstone ruts actually erupt through the thick grass.  The Elkmont sandstone is part of the Ocoee Supergroup, which was formed from ancient ocean sediments between 500 million and one billion years ago. Gregory Bald, along with most mountains in the area, was formed appx. 200 million years ago during the Appalachian orogeny.[4]  The Cherokee name for Gregory Bald was "Tsistu'yi," or "Rabbit Place." According to tribal lore, the chief of all rabbits— known simply as the Great Rabbit— lived at the summit.[5] The rabbit, considered by the Cherokee to be sly and mischievous, was a key figure in tribal legends, showing the importance the tribe placed upon the mountain.[6]  The mountain was listed by Arnold Guyot in his 1856 survey of the Smokies, although Guyot gave it the name "Great Bald's Central Peak", and measured its elevation at 4,922 feet.[7]  The name "Gregory Bald" was given to the mountain by Cades Cove residents in honor of Russell Gregory (1795–1864), a prominent Cades Cove settler. He and two other settlers made a deal to each take 1/3 of the land to live upon. Gregory used the mountain to graze cattle during the spring and summer, when the fields in the cove were needed for growing crops.  He lived atop the mountain during this part of the year in a circular stone house near the mountain's summit (the house is no longer standing).[8] Gregory, who (like most Cades Covers) supported the Union during the American Civil War, was murdered by a Confederate soldier in 1864 while trying to protect his cattle and land. His grave bears the legend "Murdered by North Carolina rebels".  The summit of Gregory Bald can be reached via several well-maintained hiking trails.  From Cades Cove, the summit can be reached via the Gregory Ridge Trail (5.5 miles).  This trail begins at the end of Forge Creek Road, which is a gravel road on the Cades Cove Loop just past the Cable Mill area.  From Fontana, the summit is reached via the Appalachian Trail and a two-mile connector trail (7.3 miles).  From Twentymile, the summit is reached via the Wolf Ridge Trail (7.3 miles).  From the summit, one can see Cades Cove and Rich Mountain to the north, and the Nantahala and Yellow Creek Mountains to the south.  Visible to the east is the crest of the Smokies, including Thunderhead Mountain and Clingman's Dome.  Fontana Lake and Shuckstack are discernible to the southeast. "
Effie I. Canning;" Effie Crockett (4 March 1856[1][citation needed] – January 7, 1940), also known as Effie I. Canning, also known as Effie C. Carlton, was an American actress. She is credited with having written and composed the lullaby "Rock-a-bye Baby",[2] despite the words being in print in 1765.  Effie I. Crockett, daughter of Edward and Jennie Crockett, was born 4 March 1856 in Rockland, Knox, Maine, and died 7 January 1940 in Waltham, Middlesex County, Massachusetts. She was married firstly on 30 July 1881 in Boston, Suffolk, Massachusetts to John F. Canning, a physician, son of John and Mary Canning, born c.1843 in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada, and died 22 June 1888 in Boston, Suffolk, Massachusetts. She married secondly in c.1894 to Harry J. Carlton born c.July 1859 in Boston, Suffolk, Massachusetts, and died 21 January 1922 in Boston, Suffolk, Massachusetts.  The words of "Rock-a-bye Baby" first appeared in print in Mother Goose's Melody (London, c. 1765), possibly published by John Newbery (1713–1767), and which was reprinted in Boston in 1785.[3] Rock-a-bye as a phrase was first recorded in 1805 in Benjamin Tabart's Songs for the Nursery, (London, 1805).[3][4]  By one account she created the song in 1872 while minding someone else's baby. Her tune was spotted by her banjo teacher and he sent her to have it published in Boston.[5] Because of "Rock-a-bye Baby", she is credited in over 100 films, many made decades after her death.[6]  "Rock-a-Bye, Baby" is said to have been composed by Effie Crockett Canning in 1886. Her waltz-lullaby has been sung by millions of parents. She says that she used her grandmother's surname of Canning when publishing the work as she was unsure of her father's reaction to her work.[5]  On stage, Canning appeared opposite William Gillette in his adaption of The Private Secretary. She toured in Charles Frohman's production of Oliver Twist, played with Mrs. Leslie Carter's company, and later had her own repertory company.[2]  Effie I. (Crockett) Canning Carlton and her second husband Harry J. Carlton are buried at Mt. Feake Cemetery, Waltham, Massachusetts. "
Dawood Ibrahim;"   Dawood Ibrahim (/ɪbrəˈhiːm/ (listen), born 26 December 1955) is an Indian mafia gangster, drug kingpin,[1] and wanted terrorist from Dongri, Mumbai.[2][3] He reportedly heads the Indian organised crime syndicate D-Company, which he founded in Mumbai in the 1970s.[4][5][6][7] Ibrahim is wanted on charges including murder, extortion, targeted killing, drug trafficking, and terrorism.  He was designated a global terrorist by India and the United States in 2003, with a reward of US$25 million on his head for his suspected role in the 1993 Bombay bombings.[8][9] In 2011, he was named number three on "The World's 10 Most Wanted Fugitives" by the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation[10] and Forbes, though he has since been dropped from both lists.[11] Recently, the Pakistani government listed Dawood and 87 others in its sanction list in order to avoid FATF sanctions.[12]  He has been reported to live in Karachi, Pakistan, though the government of Pakistan denies it.[13] In 2020, the Indian government sold off Dawood's six properties in his ancestral village in Ratnagiri district in coastal Konkan in Maharashtra. The government organized the e-auction of his properties under the Smugglers and Foreign Exchange Manipulators (Forfeiture of Property) Act (SAFEMA), 1976. In November 2017, Dawood's three properties, including the famous Rounaq Afroz Restaurant, also known as Delhi Zaika, were auctioned off by the government.[14]  Dawood Ibrahim was born on 26 December 1955 to a Konkani Muslim family in Khed in Maharashtra, India.[15]  His father, Ibrahim Kaskar, worked as a head constable with the Mumbai Police and his mother, Amina Bi, was a homemaker.[16] He lived in the Zadgaon area of Dongri and attended Ahmed Sailor High School, from which he dropped out.  Dawood started committing fraud, theft and robbery while still in his teens. Eventually, he joined the gang of local gangster and don Baashu Dada, part of the local organised crime syndicate. In the late 1970s, he later split from the gang, creating his own gang with his elder brother Shabir Ibrahim Kaskar. After Shabir was killed by the rival Pathan gang, he became the sole boss of his gang, known as the D-Company. He was then chiefly involved in gold smuggling, real estate, extortion and drug trafficking. He fled India to Dubai in 1986 after being wanted by the Mumbai Police for the murder of Samad Khan. In the following years he further expanded his gang with the help of his second-in-command Chhota Rajan, with his gang having over 5000 members and bringing in tens of crores of rupees in revenue annually by the early 1990s.  He was named by the Indian government as one of the masterminds in the 1993 Mumbai Attacks. Following the attacks, he fled Dubai for Karachi, where he is said to live to this day.  The United States Department of the Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control designated Ibrahim as a terrorist on the Specially Designated Nationals List and the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act as part of its international sanctions program, effectively forbidding US financial entities from working with him and seizing assets believed to be under his control.[17] The Department of Treasury keeps a fact sheet on Ibrahim which contains reports of his syndicate having smuggling routes from South Asia, the Middle-East and Africa shared with and used by terrorist organization al-Qaeda. The fact sheet also said that Ibrahim's syndicate is involved in large-scale shipment of narcotics in the United Kingdom and Western Europe. He is also believed to have had contacts with al-Qaeda leader Osama bin-Laden. In the late 1990s, Ibrahim traveled to Afghanistan under the Taliban's protection. The syndicate has consistently aimed to destabilise India through riots, terrorism, civil disobedience and pumping fake Indian currency notes into the country.[18] India Today reported that Ibrahim provided the logistics for the 2008 Mumbai attacks.[19]  Presently, Ibrahim's criminal activities are terror funding, drug trafficking, gunrunning, extortion and money laundering. He has also heavily invested in real estate in Karachi, Dubai and India. He is believed to control much of the hawala system, which is the very commonly used unofficial system for transferring money and remittances outside the view of official agents.  He was linked to the financing of increasing attacks in Gujarat by Lashkar-e-Taiba.[20] In 2006, the government of India handed over to Pakistan, a list of 38 most wanted criminals including Ibrahim.[21] His crime syndicate spreads across Asia, Europe and Africa, with over 40% of its earnings coming from India.[22][23]  Dawood is widely believed to have masterminded the March 1993 bombings in Bombay. In 2003, the Indian and United States governments declared Ibrahim a "Global Terrorist." The Indian Deputy Prime Minister Lal Krishna Advani described it as a major development. Ibrahim is currently on India's "Most Wanted List".[20]  In a public discourse in June 2017, Ram Jethmalani confirmed that after the Bombay blasts, Dawood Ibrahim had called him from London, saying that he was prepared to come to India and stand trial, on the condition that he should not be subjected to any third degree treatment from the police.[24]   Jethmalani had conveyed this to Sharad Pawar, but the politicians in power did not agree to this proposal. As per Jethmalani, their refusal to allow Dawood's return was due to their fears that he would expose their secrets.[25][26]  Ibrahim is previously assumed to be living in Pakistan and then in the United Arab Emirates.[27][28][29][30] India says he has shifted to the Pakistan-Afghanistan border. Indian sources add that "Inter-Services Intelligence appeared extremely wary of the new US-Indo cooperation to fight terrorism."[31] On 5 May 2015 MP Haribhai Chaudhary informed the Lok Sabha (the lower house of India's Parliament) that the whereabouts of Ibrahim were unknown.[32][33] However, on 11 May, Rajnath Singh, the then Home Minister of India, told the parliament that Ibrahim was in Pakistan and he will bring him back to India.[32][34][35][36]  According to claims of Indian news media Times Now on 22 August 2015, Dawood was in Karachi, Pakistan. According to said media corporation, they had conversation with a woman in Karachi on August 22, 2015. Transcripts of conversations which were published on the news agency's website, in one conversation she said that she is Dawood's wife and "he is sleeping", while in the second conversation she said that there was no one by that name known to her.[37][38]  According to a dossier prepared by India in August 2015, to be handed over to Pakistan, Ibrahim has nine residences in Pakistan and has three Pakistani passports which he frequently uses to travel.[39]  On 22 August 2020, Pakistan issued two notifications sanctioning key terrorist figures. In it, three addresses of Dawood Ibrahim were listed "White House, Near Saudi Mosque, Clifton" in Karachi, Pakistan, in addition to "House Nu 37 – 30th Street – defence, Housing Authority, Karachi" and "Palatial bungalow in the hilly area of Noorabad in Karachi".[40] Pakistan denied it was admitting he was in Pakistan, stating the notifications only contained what was listed in the list of sanctioned individuals and the entities belonging to the United Nations.[13] He had been designated by the Al-Qaida and Taliban Sanctions Committee with those addresses in 2003.[41]  He was third on Forbes's The World's 10 Most Wanted list from 2010 until it stopped publishing the list in 2011,[42] and is designated a "global terrorist".[43] Many attempts have been made to locate Ibrahim by the Indian intelligence agencies, Research and Analysis Wing and Intelligence Bureau (IB), ever since he went into hiding. His location has been frequently traced to Karachi, Pakistan, a claim which the Pakistani authorities have frequently denied.[44][45][46][47][48] The claims were further established in August 2015, when a phone call made to his home by an Indian television channel, Times Now, was answered by his wife, who confirmed his presence at their home in Karachi. The Indian intelligence agencies immediately prepared a dossier of Ibrahim which included evidence of his location in Karachi, among other evidence. It was to be presented at the National Security Agency-level talks between the two countries in the same month, which was however, called off due to political reasons.[49][50]  In an interview with India Today, Chhota Rajan, a former aide of Ibrahim, who he later fell out with in 1992, said that, "He [Ibrahim] does travel out of Pakistan once in a while but Karachi is his base."[51]  Chhota Rajan is believed to have assisted intelligence agencies in getting a low down on the activities of the D-Company and its members by using his intimate knowledge of the criminal  and its operations from his experience. To reinforce his reputation as a patriotic gangster don, Chhota Rajan threatened to brutally murder those accused of engineering the 1993 Bombay bombings.[52] Saleem ‘Kurla’ in April 1998 followed by Mohammad Jindran in June 1998 and Majeed Khan on 1 March 1999 were shot dead.  It is reported that selective police action against the Ibrahim crime syndicate during the Shiv Sena administration and its subsequent decline through encounter killings helped strengthen Chhota Rajan's position in the underworld.[citation needed] This is similar to how Dawood Ibrahim himself had benefitted from the 1980s police campaign against the Pathans.[53] The Shiv Sena laid bare its affection for Chhota Rajan in an editorial in the Saamna newspaper, its mouthpiece, edited by Bal Thackeray. The editorial heaved a sigh of relief, attributing Chhota Rajan's survival to "good fortune" resulting from divine grace. The  Pakistani Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) was believed to be behind the attempted assassination of Chhota Rajan.[54]  In February 2010, alleged Chhota Rajan associates gunned down Nepali media baron Jamim Shah point blank in broad daylight as he was driving to his residence on a public road.[55] Shah ostensibly had links with Dawood Ibrahim and was the mastermind of a racket producing counterfeit Indian currency within Nepal. His anti-Indian criminal activities had rankled the Indian government for more than a decade and half prior.[56]  In 2006, Ibrahim's daughter, Mahrukh Ibrahim, married Junaid Miandad, the son of Pakistani cricketer Javed Miandad.[57] In 2011, his daughter Mehreen, 24, married Ayub, a Pakistani – American.[58] His son Moin married Saniya, daughter of a London-based businessman on 25 September 2011.[59] Several of his family members, including his brother, Iqbal, live in Mumbai.[60]  Ibrahim and his syndicate D-Company have been linked to the financing of the Bollywood film industry. A number of Bollywood studios and films were financed by D-Company in the 1980s and 1990s. Ibrahim was linked to a number of celebrities during that time, including the beauty pageant contestant Anita Ayub and the Bollywood actress Mandakini. D-Company is also known for extortion and threats targeted towards Bollywood producers and celebrities, and was involved in the murders of Bollywood producers Javed Siddique and Gulshan Kumar.[61]  Vijay Maurya portrayed him in the film Black Friday (2004), directed by Anurag Kashyap.  The 2002 film Company is loosely based on D-Company's activities, and its sequel (prequel to events in the movie), the 2005 film D, as well as Shootout at Lokhandwala (2007), the 2010 film Once Upon a Time in Mumbai and 2013 film D-Day.[62] The 2013 movie Shootout at Wadala is based on the rise of the D-Company. The titular antagonist in the 2016 Indian action-drama film, Dongri Ka Raja, is based on Ibrahim and is portrayed by Gashmeer Mahajani. The film Haseena Parkar (2017) is a biographical crime film based on his sister, Haseena Parkar. The 2018 video game Hitman 2 features a Mumbai crime lord active in the movie industry called "Dawood Rangan" as a target, presumably as a reference to Ibrahim himself.  Dongri to Dubai: Six Decades of the Mumbai Mafia and Byculla to Bangkok are non-fiction books by former Indian investigative journalist Hussain Zaidi. They trace the evolution of the Mumbai mafia. Shootout at Wadala is based on Dongri to Dubai.  Gangster criminal drug kingpin Chhota Rajan Ali Budesh Ejaz Lakdawala Arun Gawli India United States of America Pakistan portal India portal List of fugitives from justice who disappeared Organised crime in India Tiger Memon Yakub Memon Chhota Shakeel Chhota Rajan"
Cone cell;"   Cone cells, or cones, are photoreceptor cells in the retinas of vertebrate eyes including the human eye. They respond differently to light of different wavelengths, and the combination of their responses is responsible for color vision. Cones function best in relatively bright light, called the photopic region, as opposed to rod cells, which work better in dim light, or the scotopic region. Cone cells are densely packed in the fovea centralis, a 0.3 mm diameter rod-free area with very thin, densely packed cones which quickly reduce in number towards the periphery of the retina. Conversely, they are absent from the optic disc, contributing to the blind spot. There are about six to seven million cones in a human eye (vs ~92 million rods), with the highest concentration being towards the macula.[1]  Cones are less sensitive to light than the rod cells in the retina (which support vision at low light levels), but allow the perception of color. They are also able to perceive finer detail and more rapid changes in images because their response times to stimuli are faster than those of rods.[2] Cones are normally one of three types: S-cones, M-cones and L-cones. Each type expresses a different opsin: OPN1SW, OPN1MW, OPN1LW, respectively. These cones are sensitive to visible wavelengths of light that correspond to short-wavelength, medium-wavelength and longer-wavelength light respectively.[3] Because humans usually have three kinds of cones with different photopsins, which have different response curves and thus respond to variation in color in different ways, humans have trichromatic vision. Being color blind can change this, and there have been some verified reports of people with four types of cones, giving them tetrachromatic vision.[4][5][6] The three pigments responsible for detecting light have been shown to vary in their exact chemical composition due to genetic mutation, different individuals will have cones with different color sensitivity.  Humans normally have three types of cones, usually designated L, M and S for long, medium and short wavelengths respectively. The first responds the most to light of the longer red wavelengths, peaking at about 560 nm. The majority of the human cones are of the long type. The second most common type responds the most to light of yellow to green medium-wavelength, peaking at 530 nm. M cones make up about a third of cones in the human eye. The third type responds the most to blue short-wavelength light, peaking at 420 nm and make up only around 2% of the cones in the human retina. The three types have peak wavelengths in the range of 564–580 nm, 534–545 nm, and 420–440 nm, respectively, depending on the individual. Such a difference is caused by the different opsins they carry, OPN1LW, OPN1MW, OPN1SW, respectively, the forms of which affect the absorption of retinal . The CIE 1931 color space is an often-used model of spectral sensitivities of the three cells of an average human.[7][8]  While it has been discovered that there exists a mixed type of bipolar cells that bind to both rod and cone cells, bipolar cells still predominantly receive their input from cone cells.[9]  Other animals might have different number of cone types, see Color vision.  Cone cells are somewhat shorter than rods, but wider and tapered, and are much less numerous than rods in most parts of the retina, but greatly outnumber rods in the fovea. Structurally, cone cells have a cone-like shape at one end where a pigment filters incoming light, giving them their different response curves. They are typically 40–50 µm long, and their diameter varies from 0.5 to 4.0 µm, being smallest and most tightly packed at the center of the eye at the fovea. The S cone spacing is slightly larger than the others.[10]  Photobleaching can be used to determine cone arrangement. This is done by exposing dark-adapted retina to a certain wavelength of light that paralyzes the particular type of cone sensitive to that wavelength for up to thirty minutes from being able to dark-adapt making it appear white in contrast to the grey dark-adapted cones when a picture of the retina is taken. The results illustrate that S cones are randomly placed and appear much less frequently than the M and L cones. The ratio of M and L cones varies greatly among different people with regular vision (e.g. values of 75.8% L with 20.0% M versus 50.6% L with 44.2% M in two male subjects).[11]  Like rods, each cone cell has a synaptic terminal, inner (nearer the brain) and outer segments, as well as an interior nucleus and various mitochondria. The synaptic terminal forms a synapse with a neuron bipolar cell. The inner and outer segments are connected by a cilium.[2] The inner segment contains organelles and the cell's nucleus, while the outer segment contains the light-absorbing materials.[2]  The outer segments of cones have invaginations of their cell membranes that create stacks of membranous disks. Photopigments exist as transmembrane proteins within these disks, which provide more surface area for light to affect the pigments. In cones, these disks are attached to the outer membrane, whereas they are pinched off and exist separately in rods. Neither rods nor cones divide, but their membranous disks wear out and are worn off at the end of the outer segment, to be consumed and recycled by phagocytic cells.  The difference in the signals received from the three cone types allows the brain to perceive a continuous range of colors, through the opponent process of color vision. (Rod cells have a peak sensitivity at 498 nm, roughly halfway between the peak sensitivities of the S and M cones.)  All of the receptors contain the protein photopsin, with variations in its conformation causing differences in the optimum wavelengths absorbed.  The color yellow, for example, is perceived when the L cones are stimulated slightly more than the M cones, and the color red is perceived when the L cones are stimulated significantly more than the M cones. Similarly, blue and violet hues are perceived when the S receptor is stimulated more. S Cones are most sensitive to light at wavelengths around 420 nm. However, the lens and cornea of the human eye are increasingly absorptive to shorter wavelengths, and this sets the short wavelength limit of human-visible light to approximately 380 nm, which is therefore called 'ultraviolet' light. People with aphakia, a condition where the eye lacks a lens, sometimes report the ability to see into the ultraviolet range.[12] At moderate to bright light levels where the cones function, the eye is more sensitive to yellowish-green light than other colors because this stimulates the two most common (M and L) of the three kinds of cones almost equally. At lower light levels, where only the rod cells function, the sensitivity is greatest at a blueish-green wavelength.  Cones also tend to possess a significantly elevated visual acuity because each cone cell has a lone connection to the optic nerve, therefore, the cones have an easier time telling that two stimuli are isolated. Separate connectivity is established in the inner plexiform layer so that each connection is parallel.[9]  The response of cone cells to light is also directionally nonuniform, peaking at a direction that receives light from the center of the pupil, this effect is known as the Stiles–Crawford effect.  It is possible that S cones may play a role in the regulation of the circadian system and the secretion of melatonin but this role is not clear yet. The exact contribution of S cone activation to circadian regulation is unclear but any potential role would be secondary to the better established role of melanopsin.[13]  Sensitivity to a prolonged stimulation tends to decline over time, leading to neural adaptation. An interesting effect occurs when staring at a particular color for a minute or so. Such action leads to an exhaustion of the cone cells that respond to that color – resulting in the afterimage. This vivid color aftereffect can last for a minute or more.[14]  Achromatopsia (Rod Monochromacy) - a form of monochromacy with no functional cones Blue cone monochromacy - a rare form of monochromacy with only functional S-cones Congenital red-green color blindness - partial color blindness include protanopia, deuteranopia, etc. Oligocone trichromacy - poor visual acuity and impairment of cone function according to ERG, but without significant color vision loss.[15] Bradyopsia - photopic vision cannot respond quickly to stimuli.[15] Bornholm eye disease - X-linked recessive myopia, astigmatism, impaired visual acuity and red-green dichromacy.[15] Cone dystrophy - a degenerative loss of cone cells Retinoblastoma - a type of cancer originating from cone precursor cells Disc shedding Double cones RG color space Tetrachromacy Melanopsin Color vision"
Government Pharmacy Institute, Patna;"   Government Pharmacy Institute, Patna is a pharmacy college situated in Patna, Bihar.[1]  It was established in 1958. Institute offers undergraduate and diploma courses in pharmacy.[2] It is affiliated with Aryabhatta Knowledge University.[3]  This article about a university or college in Bihar, India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Education in India Education in Bihar Chanakya College of Pharmacy and Medical Sciences, Bhojpur List of educational institutions in Patna All India Council for Technical Education"
Aubrey Singer;"  Aubrey Edward Singer CBE (21 January 1927 – 26 May 2007) was a British broadcasting executive who spent most of his career at the BBC. He has been described as "the greatest director general that the BBC never had".[1][2]  Singer was born in Bradford, England, left school aged 17 to train as a film editor, and joined the BBC in 1949.[1] He was head of the Features Group which included Science & Features, Arts Features, and General Features. This group largely made documentary programmes. Singer took the lead in finding international funding for very ambitious co-productions, leading to the so-called 'Science Spectaculars' written by Nigel Calder, and then the 13-part "personal view" series such as Civilisation (1969) and The Ascent of Man (1973). He was also largely responsible for the historic 1967 Our World global satellite broadcast, which featured The Beatles.[citation needed]  Singer was the controller of BBC2 from 1974 until 1978, who replaced Robin Scott and was replaced himself by Brian Wenham. He spoke to the Oxford University Broadcasting Society in 1975.[3]  From 1978 Singer was managing director of BBC Radio and from 1982 he was managing director of BBC Television.[1] He was appointed a CBE in 1984. After early retirement from the BBC, he established White City Films where he was managing director until 1996.  Singer married Cynthia Adams in 1949 and they had two children.[4]    This biographical article related to British television is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
USS Granville (APA-171);" USS Granville (APA-171) was a  Haskell-class attack transport inservice with the United States Navy from 1944 to 1946. She was scrapped in 1973.  Named after a county in North Carolina, Granville (APA-171) was launched 23 October 1944 by the Oregon Shipbuilding Corp., Portland, Oregon, under a Maritime Commission contract, sponsored by Mrs. Lowell Stockman, transferred to the Navy 21 November 1944 and commissioned the same day.  Granville began her transport duties when she cleared San Francisco, California, 26 January 1945 carrying passengers to Pearl Harbor, the Marshalls, Carolines and Marianas. Departing Honolulu 18 April 1945 Granville sortied from Saipan 2 May to land 1,350 troops of the U.S. 10th Army on Okinawa 6–8 May. Already begun, Okinawa was the climax of America's amphibious sweep across the Pacific Ocean.  Departing Okinawa 15 May 1945 Granville delivered casualties to San Francisco 10 June via Ulithi, Guam and Pearl Harbor. Clearing San Francisco 26 June she called again at Okinawa with more troops. Granville departed Okinawa 23 August and loaded occupation troops at Lingayen Gulf 10–20 September 1945. Putting her troops ashore at Wakayama, Japan, 25 September she called at Mindanao, Philippine Islands, 9–14 October to embark 1,447 troops of the 2d Battalion, 34th Infantry Regiment. Granville sailed from Mindanao 15 October and landed her troops at Matsuyama 21–24 October 1945, part of the U.S. 5th Fleet landing of the U.S. X Corps (Central Occupation Group), U.S. 6th Army in Kyūshū and western Honshū.  Departing Matsuyama, Japan 28 October 1945, Granville was assigned to the "Operation Magic Carpet" fleet carrying veteran troops to the United States from the Solomons, New Guinea, Admiralties, New Hebrides, and New Caledonia. She returned to San Francisco from her last voyage 25 January 1946, sailed from San Francisco 15 February and reached Norfolk, Virginia, 9 March 1946 via the Panama Canal Zone.  Granville decommissioned there 10 May 1946. She was returned to the Maritime Commission the next day and her name stricken from the Navy List 21 May 1946. Placed in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, she was berthed in James River, Virginia. She was sold for scrapping in 1973.  Granville earned one battle star for World War II service. Her crew was eligible for the following medals:  This article incorporates text from the public domain Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships. The entry can be found here.  one 5 in (130 mm) gun mount, four 40 mm gun mounts, ten 20 mm gun mounts American Campaign Medal Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal (1) World War II Victory Medal Navy Occupation Medal (with Asia Clasp) NavSource Online: Amphibious Photo Archive - APA-171 Granville USS Granville (APA-171) v t e Haskell Hendry Highlands Hinsdale Hocking Kenton Kittson La Grange Lanier St. Mary's Allendale Arenac Arlington / Marvin H. McIntyre Attala Bandera Barnwell Beckham Bland Bosque Botetourt Bowie Braxton Broadwater Brookings Buckingham Clearfield Clermont Clinton Colbert Collingsworth Cottle Crockett Audobon Bergen La Porte Latimer Laurens Lowndes Lycoming Mellette Napa Newberry Darke Deuel Dickens Drew Eastland Edgecombe Effingham Fond du Lac Freestone Gage Gallatin Gosper Granville Grimes Hyde Jerauld Karnes Kershaw Kingsbury Lander Lauderdale Lavaca Oconto Olmsted Oxford Pickens Pondera Rutland Sanborn Sandoval Lenawee Logan Lubbock McCracken Magoffin Marathon Menard Menifee Meriwether Sarasota Sherburne / Range Sentinel Sibley Mifflin Talladega Tazewell Telfair Missoula Montrose Mountrail Natrona Navarro Neshoba New Kent Noble Okaloosa Okanogan Oneida Pickaway Pitt Randall Bingham Rawlins Renville Rockbridge Rockingham Rockwall Saint Croix San Saba Sevier Bollinger Bottineau Bronx Bexar Dane Glynn APA-181 — APA-186 Harnett Hempstead Iredell Luzerne Medera Maricopa McLennan Mecklenburg Aragón (ex-Noble) Preceded by:  Frederick Funston class Followed by:  Paul Revere class List of United States Navy amphibious warfare ships"
Harbor Gateway, Los Angeles;" The Harbor Gateway is a 5.14-square-mile  residential and industrial area (13.3 km2) in the Los Angeles Harbor Region, in the southern part of the city.   The neighborhood is narrow and long, running along a north-south axis.  Its unusual shape has given it the alternative name of "the Shoestring Strip". The northern limit of the neighborhood is Imperial Highway, a city street just north of I-105.  Harbor Gateway was attached to Los Angeles in 1906 to serve as a link to the Pacific Ocean port cities of Wilmington and San Pedro. It was given its present name in 1985.  With a relatively youthful and ethnically diverse population of over 42,000, the center of the community is anchored by Gardena High School. The neighborhood is bisected by Artesia Boulevard and has two neighborhood councils, one north of the boulevard and the other south of it. A large transportation center serves the south Los Angeles County area.  Harbor Gateway is a narrow north-south corridor situated approximately between Vermont Avenue and Figueroa Street north of Interstate 405, and Western and Normandie avenues south of I-405. The territory was acquired by the city of Los Angeles in a shoestring annexation, specifically to connect San Pedro, Wilmington, Harbor City and the Port of Los Angeles with the rest of the city.  Harbor Gateway abuts Broadway-Manchester on the north and is flanked by  Rosewood, Carson and West Carson to the east, West Carson and Harbor City to the south and Athens and Gardena to the west and Torrance to the south and west.[1][2]  The neighborhood's street boundaries are 120th Street on the north and Vermont Avenue and Figueroa Street on the west and east respectively, running south to 182nd Street, where the neighborhood takes a jog to the west and draws its western boundary at Western Avenue, its eastern line at Normandie Avenue and its southern border at West Sepulveda Boulevard. A southeastern section bounded by 192nd Street on the north, Hamilton Avenue on the east, Del Amo Boulevard on the south and railroad tracks on the west includes the Holiday Inn Harbor Gateway.[3][4]  Another section between 177th and 182nd Streets includes Gardena High School.[3]  North of I-405 and Artesia Boulevard is North Harbor Gateway, which lies between Vermont Avenue and Figeroa Street, a one-block strip that is bisected by the Harbor Freeway/I-110.  South of I-405 the strip follows a different one-block strip between Western Avenue and Normandie Avenue, with the southern end of the neighborhood being Sepulveda Avenue, this southern section is defined as South Harbor Gateway.  Connecting the two strips is a one-block east-west strip between West 182nd and West 190th Streets.  The independent cities of Torrance, and Gardena lie immediately west of the strip, while the unincorportated community of West Rancho Dominguez and the independent city of Carson lie to its east.[citation needed]  A total of 39,688 people lived in Harbor Gateway's 5.14 square miles, according to the 2000 U.S. census—averaging 7,720 people per square mile, about the same population density for the city as a whole. Population was estimated at 42,005 in 2008. The median age was 27, young for the city of Los Angeles. The percentage of married women (56.2%) was among the county's highest.[4]  Harbor Gateway is considered highly diverse ethnically, with a diversity index of 0.648[5] In 2000 Latinos made up 53.4% of the population,  blacks were at 16.3%, Asians at 16%, whites at 11.8% and others at 2.4%. Mexico and the Philippines were the most common places of birth for the 40.8% of the residents who were born abroad, considered an average percentage of foreign-born when compared with the city as a whole.[4]  The $47,849 median household income in 2008 dollars was average for the city. Renters occupied 59.7% of the housing units, and homeowners occupied the rest.[4]  In 1992, it was noted that the poorest part of the area was between Rosecrans Avenue and Artesia Boulevard.[6]  The city of Los Angeles annexed the area on December 26, 1906 "in anticipation of taking over, several years later, the independent cities of Wilmington and San Pedro" in order to create the Port of Los Angeles. Because of its slim shape, once likened to two shoelaces tied together with a granny knot,[7] the neighborhood—only  a half mile wide at some points—was known for years as the "city strip," the "shoestring strip" or simply "the strip."[8]  The strip was simply open fields before World War II, but "Then came factories, attracting workers who needed housing," and builders "filled those fields with small houses and duplexes."  Cubans settled in the 1960s and Mexican immigrants in the 1970s. From 1985 to 1992, some seventy-five single-family homes were replaced by nearly five hundred apartment units, and the neighborhood gained some 1,500 residents, with "no plan, no thought," as the area's leading developer put it.[9]  In 1985, the Los Angeles City Council renamed the area as Harbor Gateway.[8][10] But a Los Angeles Times reporter noted four years later that  Harbor Gateway lacks much of what makes a community a community—no central business district, no civic center or gathering place, no library branch, no police station ... no post office. Its largest park is a cemetery. And, despite the new name, mailing addresses of residents remain unchanged. They still say Torrance or Gardena, not Los Angeles.[8] In 1985, Harbor Gateway was referred to as a "crime-plagued area," and residents blamed the widespread availability of alcohol for "dozens of robberies, burglaries and other crimes" in the blue-collar neighborhood. There were at that time 51 liquor outlets within a two-mile radius of the intersection of El Segundo Boulevard and Vermont Avenue.[11]  In 1989, however, Harbor Gateway was tied with the Westwood neighborhood as Los Angeles's second-fastest-growing area, Sylmar being first. However, the contrast between the unkempt Los Angeles side of Gardena Boulevard and the tidy Gardena side was striking. In March 1988, the United Way of Los Angeles declared Harbor Gateway an "under-served geographic area," noting "real gaps in law enforcement" and in social services. At the same time, there became a "major drawing card for commercial development" along the 190th Street corridor where "Gleaming high-rises with pleasant landscaping have replaced a Shell oil refinery and manufacturing plants."[8]  By 1992, the United Way had "funneled $100,000 to the few private charities serving the area, including a small free medical clinic, a job center and an ad hoc coalition helping the homeless." It was written that "extended families crowd into single apartments, and the homeless sleep under freeway overpasses."[6]  In 2013, it was noted that one section of Harbor Gateway had "one of the city's highest concentrations of registered sex offenders," with 86 living in a 13-block area, and so the city began a campaign to force some of them to move by building pocket parks in Harbor Gateway and in Wilmington. In California, such offenders are barred by law from living near schools and parks. The small park was built on city-owned land on the southeast corner of Torrance Boulevard and Denker Avenue.[12]  In 1991, parts of the Gateway were known to be "the turf of warring black and Latino gangs, and Gardena High School students of those two ethnicities "clashed after a multicultural program in the school auditorium."[6] In December 2006 the Los Angeles Times reported that racial tensions "have held this working-class neighborhood in a state of fear for years" and that the  Latino 204th Street Gang, "noted for preying on" blacks had warned all blacks to stay south of 206th Street.[13] The neighborhood averaged "about one Latino-on-black homicide" each year since 1997, the Los Angeles Police Department reported.[14]  In 1997, police, the county Human Relations Commission and neighbors organized to fight the gang and the blight. The city added bulletproof streetlight covers. Residents repaired holes in fences -- escape routes for gang members. Girl Scouts, accompanied by officers, picked up trash and painted over graffiti. More than 100 gang members -- black and Latino -- were sent to jail for parole or probation violations. Police patrols increased. Violence fell. But the campaign dissipated, and gang members slowly returned. By 1999, the Latino-on-black violence resumed.[9] In December 2006, a 14-year-old black girl, Cheryl Green, was shot and killed while talking with friends on Harvard Boulevard just south of the 206th Street dividing line. Jonathan Fajardo, 18, was sentenced to death for killing Green and for stabbing a "potential witness" to death.[13] Another culprit, Ernesto Alvarez, was sentenced to a range of 238 years to life in state prison for the acting as a lookout in Cheryl's death.[14]  A Latino gang, the 204th Street Gang, came into existence, but as the African-American population rose from 313 in 1990 to 835 in 2000, a black gang also formed—the 208th Street Crips. "The Crip gang's willingness to go to the police with complaints offended the Latino gang's sense of honor," wrote reporter Sam Quinones for the Los Angeles Times. Yet the gang[who?] was never "rooted in the neighborhood," and by 2001 it had faded away.[9] There has been animosity between blacks and Latinos, and in 2007, a gang injunction has been enforced against Latino gangs.[15]  In 2008, another gang injunction put many Latino gang members in jail,[14] and by 2009, racial tensions had "definitely calmed," and a new community center was opened at 1435 Del Amo Boulevard in the city of Torrance and named in honor of Cheryl Green. "Cheryl's death was the tipping point for L.A.," said Los Angeles Councilwoman Janice Hahn, yet gang graffiti still abounded in the neighborhood and blacks were fearful of Latino animosity.[16][17]  The Los Angeles County Department of Health Services operates the Torrance Health Center in Harbor Gateway, near Torrance.[18]  The National Transportation Safety Board operates the Gardena Aviation Field Office in Harbor Gateway, it is the regional headquarters of the NTSB Aviation Western Region.[19]  The area is served by two neighborhood councils—Harbor Gateway North and Harbor Gateway South, with the division between the two at Artesia Boulevard.[20][21]  Many trucking, shipping and logistics companies are based in Harbor Gateway.[7] The headquarters of National Stores (Fallas Paredes) is in Harbor Gateway, near Gardena.[22] Yoshinoya America's headquarters are in Harbor Gateway, near Torrance.[23] Faraday Future is headquartered is located in Harbor Gateway, near Carson, CA, even though it has a Gardena address.  Roosevelt Memorial Park is a cemetery between Vermont and Normandie north of 184th Street.[3]  Just 12.4% of Harbor Gateway's residents aged 25 or older had completed a four-year degree by 2000, an average figure when compared with the city at large. The percentage of residents of that age without a high school diploma was high for the county.[4]  The schools within Harbor Gateway's boundaries are:[24]  The northern end of the Gardena HS campus has LAUSD staff housing, Sage Park Apartments.[26]  Los Angeles Public Library operates the Harbor Gateway-Harbor City Branch.[27]  The Rosecrans Recreation Center/CVS Playground is in Harbor Gateway, on Vermont Avenue south of 149th Street.[3] The playground was developed by the nonprofit Boundless Playgrounds.[28]  The Harbor Gateway Transit Center is a big transportation hub for various bus lines. The Metro Silver Line bus rapid transit line runs between El Monte Station, Downtown Los Angeles and the Harbor Gateway Transit Center and select trips to San Pedro, which is the line's southern terminus. The Metro Silver Line operates on the Harbor Transitway (I-110 freeway) between Downtown Los Angeles, the Harbor Gateway Transit Center and San Pedro. The Harbor Gateway Transit Center is located at 731 W. 182nd Street, Gardena, CA 90248. Nine Metro bus lines (including the Metro Silver Line) operate to various destinations from the transit center. In addition, Torrance Transit lines 1, 4X, 6, and 13 serve the transit center, while Gardena Transit lines 2, 4 (school days only), and 7X (NFL game days only) also serve at the transit center.  Coordinates: 33°51′00″N 118°17′57″W﻿ / ﻿33.850072°N 118.299068°W﻿ / 33.850072, -118.299068  Gardena High School, LAUSD,1301 West 182nd Street Moneta Continuation School, LAUSD, 1230 West 177th Street Magnolia Science Academy Santa Clara, LAUSD charter, no address given One Hundred Thirty-Fifth Street Elementary School, LAUSD, 801 West 135th Street Gardena Elementary School, LAUSD, 647 West Gardena Boulevard Gardena Valley Christian School, private, 1473 West 182nd Street One Hundred Eighty-Sixth Street Elementary School, LAUSD, 1581 West 186th Street. In 2011, the school was one of only three in the Los Angeles Unified School District where bus transportation was provided "solely because of safety concerns." Otherwise, Harbor Gateway pupils would "have to cross railroad tracks and major freeway onramps and offramps" to get to their school. The community, it was said, was also home to "dozens of paroled sex offenders."[25] Halldale Elementary School, LAUSD, 21514 Halldale Avenue Environmental Charter Middle School, 812 W 165th Pl. Los Angeles portal List of districts and neighborhoods of Los Angeles"
Bankrol Hayden;" Hayden Inacio, known professionally as Bankrol Hayden, is an American rapper from Modesto, California. Signed to Atlantic Records, he is known for his singles "Brothers" featuring Luh Kel and "Costa Rica", and his album Pain is Temporary, with the latter peaking at number 197 on the Billboard 200.[2]  Bankrol Hayden was born as Hayden Inacio in Modesto, California.[3] He began rapping when he was in eighth grade. Hayden cited Kid Cudi as his biggest musical inspiration since childhood.[4]  In 2017, he released his debut single "Humble" via streaming services and later gained traction with the release of his song "Ride With You".[1][3] In May 2018, Hayden released his single "29", after being in a serious car accident on November 29, 2017, that spent him six days on life support.[1][4] In 2019, he released the single "B.A.N.K.R.O.L.".[3] Also in 2019, the single "Brothers" featuring singer and rapper Luh Kel was released.[4] In March 2020, Hayden released the single "Costa Rica", which garnered over 50 million streams and included a remix featuring Australian rapper and singer the Kid Laroi.[5] On June 20, 2020, Hayden released his debut album Pain is Temporary with appearances from Lil Baby, Polo G, and the Kid Laroi.[4][3] The album peaked at number 197 on the Billboard 200.[2] In March 2021, Hayden was featured on crooner LB Spiffy's single "Again".[6] In September 2021, Hayden released the single "Come Through" featuring rapper Lil Tecca.[3]  Hip hop trap Rapper singer songwriter Released: June 20, 2020[4] Label: Atlantic Formats: Digital download,  streaming 2017: "Humble"[3] 2017: "Ride With You"[1] 2018: "29"[4] 2019: "B.A.N.K.R.O.L."[3] 2019: "Brothers" (featuring Luh Kel), certified RIAA gold[7] 2020: "Costa Rica" (solo or featuring The Kid Laroi), certified RIAA gold[7] 2021: "Come Through" (featuring Lil Tecca)[3] 2021: "Again" (LB Spiffy featuring Bankrol Hayden)"
Jonathan Melton;" Jonathan S. Melton is an American lawyer and politician. He is one of the first two openly gay people to serve on the Raleigh City Council. He is the current Chairman of the Raleigh City Council's Economic Development and Innovation Committee. Melton is also a founding board member of Stonewall Sports, a national LGBTQ philanthropic sports league.  Melton graduated from North Carolina State University in 2008 with a bachelor of arts degree in political science.[1][2] While at State, he served as president of Delta Upsilon and was a member of the Honors Program.[1][2] In 2011, he graduated magna cum laude from North Carolina Central University School of Law, where he was a member of Phi Delta Phi.[2][1] He is a member of the Wake County Bar Association and the American Bar Association.[2] Melton is a divorce lawyer who practices in Raleigh, North Carolina.[3] In 2013, he joined the firm Gailor Hunt Jenkins Davis & Taylor as a law partner practicing divorce law after working as a judicial law clerk for Richard A. Elmore of the North Carolina Court of Appeals.[2][1] On August 5, 2015 he wrote an article for Attorney At Law Magazine titled Aftermath of SCOTUS Marriage Equality Decision, which covered the legalization of same-sex marriage in the United States.[4] Melton is a founding board member of Stonewall Sports, a national LGBTQ and allied philanthropic sports league.[5][6] He also serves on the board of directors for TLC, formerly the Tammy Lynn Center.[5] In 2017, he helped create an annual fundraising event for the North Carolina AIDS Action Network.[7]  Melton ran for Raleigh City Council in 2019 against sitting councilman Russ Stephenson.[8][9][10] Melton was endorsed by Indy Week.[11] He was elected to the council as an at-large member, defeating Stephenson, in October 2019.[1] He and Saige Martin were the first two openly LGBTQ people to serve on the City Council.[12] He serves as the Chairman of the City Council's Economic Development and Innovation Committee and is a member of the Transportation and Transit Committee.[1][5]  In January 2020, Melton, along with Mayor Mary-Ann Baldwin and Councilman Patrick Buffkin, drafted new rules that would allow Raleigh residents to use the names of city staff and council members during public comment grievances as long as they refrain from personal attacks.[13]  In July 2020, Melton spearheaded an initiative to ask the North Carolina State Legislature to grant the city's Police Advisory Board oversight powers so that it could investigate and discipline police officers.[14]  On May 4, 2021, Raleigh City Council approved a tax increment grant (TIG) policy which Melton voted in favor. The TIG policy allows the city of Raleigh to provide up to $5 million per year (2% of the annual budget) in tax rebates to private developers, effectively shielding them from increases in property taxes due to rising property values.[15] A month later on June 1, 2021, Raleigh City Council passed an annual budget that included an increase in property taxes generating an increased $7 million per year which was supported by Melton.[16] Critics of the TIG policy point to the combined actions of increasing property taxes on Raleigh residents and providing tax rebates for select private developers as an unfair redistribution of wealth from average residents to wealthy real estate developers.  The increase in property tax rates came at a time when property values throughout the Triangle region were climbing due to national trends in the housing market and impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic.[17] While Melton was part of a coalition to increase property taxes for Raleigh residents, neighboring Durham County was working to implement a tax assistance program. On October 6th, 2021, Durham County tax office in partnership with the Durham department of social services launched a program to provide up to $750 of tax relief to qualifying residents as a means of combating gentrification and displacement of low-income residents.[18]  Melton has campaigned on the issue of bringing more affordable housing to Raleigh, however during his time on council housing costs skyrocketed an estimated 42.5%.[19]  Jonathan Melton has also continuously taken campaign funds from John Kane, a real estate developer in the Raleigh area, who refuses to build affordable housing in his developments and directly contributes to the gentrification of low income areas in Raleigh.  Melton was part of a coalition strategy that primarily targeted increasing the housing supply and the density of housing through private market forces. Little effort was made to ensure affordable housing units were included when rezoning cases were brought before city council to increase density, with Mayor Baldwin and allies such as Melton repeatedly claiming that North Carolina state law prohibited inclusionary zoning. Critics of Raleigh City Council's housing policies point to the density bonus program implemented by Charlotte which allowed for height increases in existing zoning if private developers committed a certain percentage of units as affordable housing units.[20] Others criticized the housing policies as naïve, saying the private market strategy relied on the premise that providing any type of housing would inevitably lead to a stabilization of housing prices for all types of housing, a flawed premise as for-profit developers primarily construct luxury style homes beyond the financial means of working-class residents. The rising prices of housing and rental costs in Raleigh that coincided with Melton's tenure likely increased the rate of displacement and gentrification occurring within the city substantially. Housing justice advocates with claim that this was the intent of Mayor Baldwin’s coalition policies from the start, and that Councilor Melton aided and abetted these harmful policies.  In February 2020, Councilor Saige Martin brought forward a motion to disband citizens’ advisory councils. These advisory councils were distributed geographically across the city[21] and provided feedback for proposed rezoning. While CAC votes were non-binding, the votes would be taken into consideration by City Council along with the Planning Commission’s vote when deciding if a rezoning case should be approved. Supporters of CACs say they provided a mechanism for participatory democracy.[22] Martin's motion to disband CACs by ceasing financial support by the city, and ending their involvement in any rezoning cases moving forward. Melton voted in favor of the motion. Martin claimed the funds were needed to revamp community engagement.[23] City Council commissioned an outside consultant at a cost of $70,000 to provide a report on community engagement, among the recommendations, the consultant provided was the formation of neighborhood enrichment units.[24] "
Chichester Psalms;"   Chichester Psalms is an extended choral composition in three movements by Leonard Bernstein for boy treble or countertenor, choir and orchestra. The text was arranged by the composer from the Book of Psalms in the original Hebrew. Part 1 uses Psalms 100 and 108, Part 2 uses 2 and 23, and Part 3 uses 131 and 133.[1] Bernstein scored the work for a reduced orchestra, but also made a version for an even smaller ensemble of organ, one harp, and percussion.  The work premiered at the Philharmonic Hall in New York City on 15 July 1965, conducted by the composer. That was followed by a performance at Chichester Cathedral as part of the festival, for which it was commissioned, on 31 July that year, conducted by John Birch.  The work was commissioned for the 1965 Southern Cathedrals Festival at Chichester Cathedral by the cathedral's Dean, Walter Hussey.[2] However, the world premiere took place in the Philharmonic Hall, New York, on 15 July 1965 with the composer conducting, followed by the performance at Chichester on July 31, 1965, conducted by the cathedral's Organist and Master of the Choristers, John Birch.[3][2]  The first performance in London took place on 10 June 1966 in the Duke's Hall of the Royal Academy of Music. Conducted by Roy Wales and performed by the London Academic Orchestra and London Student Chorale, it was paired with Britten's Cantata academica. It was published in 1965 by Boosey & Hawkes.[1]  Chichester Psalms was Bernstein's first composition after his 1963 Third Symphony (Kaddish). These two works are his two most overtly Jewish compositions. While both works have a chorus singing texts in Hebrew, the Kaddish Symphony has been described as a work often at the edge of despair, while Chichester Psalms is affirmative and serene at times.  On 24 November 2018, as the finale of the Bernstein in Chichester celebrations to mark the centenary of Bernstein's birth, the choirs of Chichester Cathedral, Winchester Cathedral and Salisbury Cathedral again joined forces to sing Chichester Psalms in Chichester Cathedral. They were accompanied by the Bournemouth Symphony Orchestra conducted by Marin Alsop, a former pupil of Bernstein.[4] The treble solo was sung by the Chichester Head Chorister, Jago Brazier. Alexander Bernstein, Bernstein's son, was in the audience, as he had been in 1965.[4]  Bernstein made his own selection from the psalms, and decided to retain the original Hebrew for an ecumenical message, focused on the "brotherhood of Man".[5]  Psalm 108 (verse 2 in the King James Version, verse 3 in Hebrew)  עוּרָה, הַנֵּבֶל וְכִנּוֹר, אָעִירָה שָּׁחַר.  Urah, hanevel, v'chinor! A-irah shaḥar  Awake, psaltery and harp: I will rouse the dawn!  The introduction (presented in the score as part of movement one) begins gathering energy. Word painting is used in that the dissonant sevenths present in every chord sound like clanging bells, indicating that we are being told to awaken in a deep and profound way. In the first measure, Bernstein also introduces a leitmotif in the soprano and alto parts consisting of a descending perfect fourth, ascending minor seventh, and descending perfect fifth. The motif is also found with the seventh inverted as a descending major second. It conjures up images of tuning the harp and psaltery (especially the use of perfect fourths and fifths). This leitmotif is found elsewhere in the work, including the end of the first movement ("Ki tov Adonai," m. 109–116), the third movement prelude, and in the soprano part of the final a cappella section of movement three ("Hineh mah tov," m.60), with a haunting reintroduction of the material in the harp on unison G's during the "Amen" of m. 64.  Psalm 100  הָרִיעוּ לַיהוָה, כָּל־הָאָרֶץ. עִבְדוּ אֶת־יְהוָה בְּשִׂמְחָה, בֹּאוּ לְפָנָיו, בִּרְנָנָה. דְּעוּ-- כִּי יְהוָה, הוּא אֱלֹהִים: הוּא־עָשָׂנוּ, ולא (וְלוֹ) אֲנַחְנוּ-- עַמּוֹ, וְצֹאן מַרְעִיתוֹ. בֹּאוּ שְׁעָרָיו, בְּתוֹדָה-- חֲצֵרֹתָיו בִּתְהִלָּה, הוֹדוּ־לוֹ, בָּרְכוּ שְׁמוֹ. כִּי־טוֹב יְהוָה, לְעוֹלָם חַסְדּוֹ, וְעַד־דֹּר וָדֹר, אֱמוּנָתוֹ.  Hari'u l'Adonai kol ha'arets. Iv'du et Adonai b'simḥa Bo'u l'fanav bir'nanah. D'u ki Adonai Hu Elohim. Hu asanu v'lo anaḥnu. Amo v'tson mar'ito. Bo'u sh'arav b'todah, Ḥatseirotav bit'hilah, Hodu lo, bar'chu sh'mo. Ki tov Adonai, l'olam ḥas'do, V'ad dor vador emunato.  Make a joyful noise unto the Lord all ye lands. Serve the Lord with gladness. Come before His presence with singing. Know that the Lord, He is God. He made us, and we are his. We are His people and the sheep of His pasture. Come unto His gates with thanksgiving, And into His court with praise. Be thankful unto Him and bless His name. the Lord is good, His mercy everlasting And His truth endureth to all generations.  The first movement is in a joyous 74 meter, sung in a festive fashion, as is implored in the first verse of the psalm. Its last words, "Ki tov Adonai," recall the 7th interval presented as the main theme in the introduction. The rhythm is essentially a 44 meter, but the last half beat is missing giving the feeling of a rushed energy in which the last half beat is skipped in order to hurry to the next measure.   יְהוָה רֹעִי, לֹא אֶחְסָר. בִּנְאוֹת דֶּשֶׁא, יַרְבִּיצֵנִי, עַל-מֵי מְנֻחוֹת יְנַהֲלֵנִי. נַפְשִׁי יְשׁוֹבֵב, יַנְחֵנִי בְמַעְגְּלֵי־צֶדֶק, לְמַעַן שְׁמוֹ.  גַּם כִּי־אֵלֵךְ בְּגֵיא צַלְמָוֶת, לֹא־אִירָא רָע-- כִּי־אַתָּה עִמָּדִי, שִׁבְטְךָ וּמִשְׁעַנְתֶּךָ, הֵמָּה יְנַחֲמֻנִי.  לָמָּה, רָגְשׁוּ גוֹיִם, וּלְאֻמִּים, יֶהְגּוּ־רִיק. יִתְיַצְּבוּ, מַלְכֵי־אֶרֶץ-- וְרוֹזְנִים נוֹסְדוּ־יָחַד: עַל־יְהוָה, וְעַל־מְשִׁיחוֹ. נְנַתְּקָה, אֶת־מוֹסְרוֹתֵימוֹ, וְנַשְׁלִיכָה מִמֶּנּוּ עֲבֹתֵימוֹ. יוֹשֵׁב בַּשָּׁמַיִם יִשְׂחָק: אֲדֹנָי, יִלְעַג־לָמוֹ.  תַּעֲרֹךְ לְפָנַי, שֻׁלְחָן-- נֶגֶד צֹרְרָי, דִּשַּׁנְתָּ בַשֶּׁמֶן רֹאשִׁי, כּוֹסִי רְוָיָה.  אַךְ, טוֹב וָחֶסֶד יִרְדְּפוּנִי-- כָּל־יְמֵי חַיָּי, וְשַׁבְתִּי בְּבֵית־יְהוָה, לְאֹרֶךְ יָמִים.  "David" and sopranos (Psalm 23) Adonai ro-i, lo eḥsar. Bin'ot deshe yarbitseini, Al mei m'nuḥot y'nahaleini, Naf'shi y'shovev, Yan'ḥeini b'ma'aglei tsedek, L'ma'an sh'mo. (sopranos) Gam ki eilech B'gei tsalmavet, Lo ira ra, Ki Atah imadi. Shiv't'cha umishan'techa Hemah y'naḥamuni. (Tenors and basses (Psalm 2, vs. 1-4)) Lamah rag'shu goyim Ul'umim yeh'gu rik? Yit'yats'vu malchei erets, V'roznim nos'du yaḥad Al Adonai v'al m'shiḥo. N'natkah et mos'roteimo, V'nashlichah mimenu avoteimo. Yoshev bashamayim Yis'ḥak, Adonai Yil'ag lamo! (sopranos (Psalm 23)) Ta'aroch l'fanai shulḥan Neged tsor'rai Dishanta vashemen roshi Cosi r'vayah. "David" Ach tov vaḥesed Yird'funi kol y'mei ḥayai V'shav'ti b'veit Adonai L'orech yamim.   The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures, He leadeth me beside the still waters, He restoreth my soul, He leadeth me in the paths of righteousness, For His name's sake.  Yea, though I walk Through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, For Thou art with me. Thy rod and Thy staff They comfort me.  Why do the nations rage, And the people imagine a vain thing? The kings of the earth set themselves, And the rulers take counsel together Against the Lord and against His anointed. Saying, let us break their bands asunder, And cast away their cords from us. He that sitteth in the heavens Shall laugh, and the Lord Shall have them in derision!  Thou preparest a table before me In the presence of my enemies, Thou anointest my head with oil, My cup runneth over.  Surely goodness and mercy Shall follow me all the days of my life, And I will dwell in the house of the Lord Forever.  The second movement begins with the Psalm of David set in a conventional meter (34) with a tranquil melody, sung by the boy treble (or countertenor), and repeated by the soprano voices in the chorus. This is abruptly interrupted by the orchestra and the low, rumbling sounds (again word painting) of the men's voices singing Psalm 2 (also notably featured in Handel's Messiah). This is gradually overpowered by the soprano voices (with the direction—at measure 102 in the vocal score only—"blissfully unaware of threat") with David serenely reaffirming the second portion of Psalm 23.  However, the last measures of the movement contain notes which recall the interrupting section, symbolizing mankind's unending struggle with conflict and faith.  The music for the beginning of the second movement is taken from sketches from Bernstein's unfinished The Skin of Our Teeth. The men's theme was adapted from material cut from West Side Story.  Psalm 131  יְהוָה, לֹא־גָבַהּ לִבִּי-- וְלֹא־רָמוּ עֵינַי, וְלֹא־הִלַּכְתִּי, בִּגְדֹלוֹת וּבְנִפְלָאוֹת מִמֶּנִּי. אִם־לֹא שִׁוִּיתִי, וְדוֹמַמְתִּי-- נַפְשִׁי: כְּגָמֻל, עֲלֵי אִמּוֹ, כַּגָּמֻל עָלַי נַפְשִׁי. יַחֵל יִשְׂרָאֵל, אֶל־יְהוָה-- מֵעַתָּה, וְעַד־עוֹלָם.  Adonai, Adonai, Lo gavah libi, V'lo ramu einai, V'lo hilachti Big'dolot uv'niflaot Mimeni. Im lo shiviti V'domam'ti, Naf'shi k'gamul alei imo, Kagamul alai naf'shi. Yaḥel Yis'rael el Adonai Me'atah v'ad olam.  Lord, Lord, My heart is not haughty, Nor mine eyes lofty, Neither do I exercise myself In great matters or in things Too wonderful for me to understand. Surely I have calmed And quieted myself, As a child that is weaned of his mother, My soul is even as a weaned child. Let Israel hope in the Lord From henceforth and forever.  The third movement begins with a conflicted and busy instrumental prelude which recapitulates the chords and melody from the introduction, then suddenly it breaks into the gentle chorale set in a rolling 104 meter (subdivided as 2+3+2+34) which recalls desert palms swaying in the breeze.  Psalm 133, vs. 1  הִנֵּה מַה־טּוֹב, וּמַה־נָּעִים-- שֶׁבֶת אַחִים גַּם־יָחַד.  Hineh mah tov, Umah na'im, Shevet aḥim Gam yaḥad  Behold how good, And how pleasant it is, For brethren to dwell Together in unity.  The finale comes in from the third movement without interruption. The principal motifs from the introduction return here to unify the work and create a sense of returning to the beginning, but here the motifs are sung pianississimo and greatly extended in length. Particularly luminous harmonies eventually give way to a unison note on the last syllable of the text—another example of word painting, since the final Hebrew word, Yaḥad, means "together" or, more precisely, "as one". This same note is that on which the choir then sings the Amen, while one muted trumpet plays the opening motif one last time and the orchestra, too, ends on a unison G, with a tiny hint of a Picardy third.  In the score, Bernstein notes that the soprano and alto parts were written "with boys' voices in mind," and that it is "possible but not preferable" to use women's voices instead. However, he states that the male alto solo "must not be sung by a woman," but either by a boy or a countertenor.[6] This was to reinforce the liturgical meaning of the passage sung, perhaps to suggest that Psalm 23, a "Psalm of David" from the Hebrew Bible, was to be heard as if sung by the boy David himself.[7]  The orchestra consists of 3 trumpets in B♭, 3 trombones, timpani, a five-person percussion section, 2 harps, and strings.[1][7] A reduction written by the composer pared down the orchestral performance forces to organ, one harp, and percussion.  The Psalms, and the first movement in particular, are noted for the difficulty they pose for the performers. For example, the opening is difficult for the tenors, owing to the unusually wide vocal range, rhythmic complexity, and the consistent presence of strange and difficult-to-maintain parallel 7ths between the tenor and bass parts. The interval of a seventh figures prominently throughout the piece because of its numerological importance in the Judeo-Christian tradition, the first movement is written in the unusual 74 meter.  Chichester Psalms significantly features the harp, the full orchestral version requires two intricate harp parts. Bernstein completed the harp parts before composing the accompanying orchestral and choral parts, thus granting the harpists a pivotal role in realizing the music. In rehearsals, he is noted to have requested that the harpists play through the piece before the rest of the orchestra to emphasize the importance of the harps' role.  Chichester Psalms was recorded in 1986 conducted by Richard Hickox. With Bernstein's approval, the solo part was sung by Aled Jones, then a treble. A 2003 recording was performed by Thomas Kelly (treble) and the Bournemouth Symphony Chorus and Orchestra, conducted by Marin Alsop.[5]  boy treble choir orchestra"
Aleksander Wielopolski;" Margrave (Polish: margrabia) Aleksander Ignacy Jan-Kanty Wielopolski (born 1803 in Sędziejowice, Kraków Department,  Duchy of Warsaw, died 1877 in Dresden, Kingdom of Saxony, German Empire) was a Polish aristocrat, owner of large estates, and the 13th lord of the manor of Pinczów. In 1862 he was appointed head of Poland's Civil Administration within the Russian Empire under Tsar Alexander II.  Wielopolski was educated in Vienna, Warsaw, Paris and Göttingen. In 1830 he was elected a member of the Polish diet on the Conservative side. At the beginning of the November Uprising of 1831 he was sent to London to obtain the assistance, or at least the mediation, of England, but the only result of his mission was the publication of the pamphlet Mémoire présenté à Lord Palmerston (Warsaw, 1831). On the collapse of the insurrection he emigrated, and on his return to Poland devoted himself exclusively to literature and the cultivation of his estates.[1]  On the occasion of the Galician outbreak of 1846, when the Galician peasantry[2] massacred some hundreds of Polish landowners, an outbreak generally attributed to the machinations of the Austrian government, Wielopolski wrote his Lettre d'un gentilhomme polonais au prince de Metternich (Brussels, 1846), which caused a great sensation at the time, and in which he attempted to prove that the Austrian court was acting in collusion with the Russians in the affair.[1]  In 1861, Wielopolski was appointed president of the commissions of public worship and justice and subsequently president of the council of state. A visit to the Russian capital in November still further established his influence, and in 1862 he was appointed adjutant to Grand Duke Konstantin, who had recently been appointed Polish viceroy.[1][3]  Wielopolski was conservative, pro-Russian, a proponent of regaining Poland's pre-1830 autonomy, and a champion of the emancipation of Jews. He undertook educational reforms, increasing the number of Polish-language schools and establishing in Warsaw the "Main School" (Szkola Glowna, today's University of Warsaw, the Royal University of Warsaw established in 1816 was closed after November Uprising). He also enacted banking system reforms and agricultural reform (rents instead of serfdom for peasants).  He felt that the Russian Empire's difficult internal and international situation would force the Tsarist administration to make certain concessions to the Polish nobility. On the other hand, the Polish nobility should – in his opinion – accept Tsarist rule and take part in the Empire's political life instead of calling for independence.  His project was based on decisions of 1815 when Tsar Alexander I signed a Constitution and made various promises to extend liberties to the parts of Poland incorporated into Russia (the "Taken Territories" Ziemie zabrane). Ultimately, Wielopolski gave up such ideas and proposed instead: formal condemnation of the November Uprising and acceptance of the Romanov dynasty's everlasting rule over Poland, expecting in turn from the Tsar the restoration of Polish liberties, a semi-independent government, curtailment of censorship, and the closure of Russian Military Courts. His proposal, unfortunately, was rejected, and the Tsar decided to make various limited concessions only when it was too late, and the streets of Warsaw were running with blood: "No constitution, no Polish Army, nothing like political autonomy, instead administrative freedoms with nominations for Poles, not excluding Russians".[4]  Wielopolski knew that the Poles' fervent desire for independence was coming to a head, something he wanted to avoid at all costs. In an attempt to derail the Polish national movement, he organized the conscription of young Polish activists into the Russian Army (for 20-year service). That decision is what provoked the January Uprising of 1863, that is, the very outcome Wielopolski wished to avoid.  During the fiercest days of the Uprising Wielopolski asked for a 2-month leave of office. This was granted by the Russian Royal Prince in early July 1863, and on 16 July he left Warsaw heading north. Officially he traveled to the spa on the island of Rügen, but in fact he chose emigration, and left the country forever. He settled in Dresden (Saxony), where he died 14 years later. His body was, however, brought to his native Poland. He is buried in the crypt of the Holy Spirit church at Młodzawy Małe.   Media related to Aleksander Wielopolski at Wikimedia Commons "
Oladejo;" Oladejo may refer to:    Nathaniel Oladejo Ogundipe (born ?), Nigerian Anglican bishop Oladejo Victor Akinlonu (born 1963), Nigerian artist, sculptor, philosopher, and art marketer Oyin Oladejo (born c.1985), Nigerian-born Canadian actress"
Kansas City Power and Light Company;" Kansas City Power and Light Company was an electric utility company serving the Kansas City metropolitan area. It was a wholly owned subsidiary of Great Plains Energy of which it was the biggest component.  The company traces its roots to November 1881 when Joseph S. Chick obtained the exclusive rights to use the Thompson-Houston arc lighting system in the counties of Jackson, Missouri, and Wyandotte, Kansas, for $4,000. The following month, the initial franchise to establish an electric works in the City of Kansas, Mo., was granted to Lysander R. Moore and later assigned to Kawsmouth Electric Light Company. Construction was begun in February 1882 on a power plant on a tract of land at the southeast corner of 8th and Santa Fe Streets in the West Bottoms. Kawsmouth Electric Light Company built quickly and, on Saturday night, May 13, 1882, brought electric illumination to the first 13 customers on the west side of Main Street in the downtown district. In 1885 the company reincorporated as Kansas City Electric Light Company.[citation needed]  Weeks spun off the Edison Electric Light & Power Company to meet residential demand.  An electric war ensued when in 1883 J. Ogden Armour, heir to the Armour Packing Company purchased the company on May 14, 1900, to power the Metropolitan Street Railway Company and Kansas City Electric Light Company.  Under Armour  the company bought competitors and built a new power plant in 1903, providing steam heat to downtown businesses.  The company focused on the trolley company and in 1911 it went into receivership.  In October 1917, the company spun off the trolley business (which still controlled some power plants) and emerged from bankruptcy as  Kansas City Light & Power Company. In 1917 the company began construction on the Northeast Power station.  In June 1919, the company reincorporated again, as Kansas City Power and Light Company. After acquiring the Carroll County Electric Company on July 29, 1922, the reorganized company became Kansas City Power & Light Company, adopting the ampersand and corporate name that continues to this day. Armour sold his interest in 1923.  Continental Gas & Electric Corporation purchased the controlling interest in 1924 and was part of United Light and Power until United dissolved in 1950. The Hawthorn Station, situated on the Missouri River, was started in 1948, and the first of two units were completed in 1951. Two other units followed and were fully operational by 1956. Kansas City Power became independent in 1950. It acquired Eastern Kansas Utilities in 1952. It was part of a consortium that built Wolf Creek Nuclear Generating Station in Burlington, Kansas. In a 2001 corporate restructure it became part of Great Plains Energy Incorporated.  In September 2009, KCP&L moved into its new building, One Kansas City Place at 1200 Main in KCMO, just 1 block west of Kansas City's Power and Light district. The lease is going to be 23 years long.  In 2016, KCP&L and Westar announced merger plans,[1] but this proposed merger was rejected by Kansas Corporation Commission utility regulators as unfavorable to Kansas consumers.[2] A new merger plan with KCP&L was announced in 2017.[3] As of May 24, 2018, this merger has been approved by both the Missouri Public Service Commission and the Kansas Corporation Commission, with the combined company to be named Evergy.[4] KCP&L and Westar became the two operating companies of Evergy.  On October 7, 2019 the two operating companies officially changed names and rebranded to Evergy in the communities they serve. "
Baron Beauchamp;"   The titles Baron Beauchamp and Viscount Beauchamp have been created several times throughout English and British history. There is an extant Viscountcy of Beauchamp, held by the Seymour family, Marquesses of Hertford.  The name Beauchamp (French "beautiful/fair field"), Latinised to de Bello Campo ("from the beautiful field/fair field"), is borne by three of the most ancient Anglo-Norman families which settled in England during the Norman Conquest of 1066: Beauchamp of Worcestershire, of Somerset and of Bedfordshire.[5] The surname was taken from their respective manors in Normandy and there is no evidence of any shared origin between the families of that name seated in those three separate counties. The Bedfordshire branch died out in the male line after only two generations. The heir of the Somerset branch was the powerful Seymour family, whilst the Worcestershire branch achieved the greatest power and prominence as Earls of Warwick.  (Descendants of the feudal barons of Hatch Beauchamp in Somerset)  The barony was unsuccessfully claimed in 1924 by Ulric Oliver Thynne.  This was the first barony created by letters patent, by King Richard II in 1387.[6] They were seated at Holt Castle, Worcestershire, a junior branch of the senior Elmley line.  Descended from Walter de Beauchamp (died 1303/6) of Beauchamp's Court, Alcester in Warwickshire and of Beauchamp Court, Powick in Worcestershire, Steward of the Household to King Edward I and  younger brother of William de Beauchamp, 9th Earl of Warwick (c.1238-1298), the first of his family to hold that title (inherited from their mother).  The Seymour family inherited the capital manor of Hatch Beauchamp (anciently Hache) due to the marriage of Roger Seymour (d.c.1361) to Cecily Beauchamp (d.1393), the aunt and heiress of John IV de Beauchamp, 3rd Baron Beauchamp (1330-1361),[7] feudal baron of Hatch Beauchamp.  See Marquess of Hertford for further Viscounts Beauchamp.  See Earl Beauchamp for descents.  John de Beauchamp, 1st Baron Beauchamp (1274–1336) John de Beauchamp, 2nd Baron Beauchamp (d. 1343) John de Beauchamp, 3rd Baron Beauchamp (1330–1361) (abeyant on his death) John de Beauchamp, 1st Baron Beauchamp de Warwick (1316–1360) Roger Beauchamp, 1st Baron Beauchamp of Bletso (died 1380) Sir Roger de Beauchamp (d. 3 May 1406) Sir John Beauchamp, de jure 3rd Baron Beauchamp of Bletsoe (d. 1412-1414) John de Beauchamp, 1st Baron Beauchamp (1319–1388) (forfeit 1388) John de Beauchamp, 2nd Baron Beauchamp (1378–1420) (attainder reversed 1398, forfeit in 1400 by renewal of attainder) John Beauchamp, 1st Baron Beauchamp (d. 1475) (great-great grandson of Walter de Beauchamp (died 1303/6)) Richard Beauchamp, 2nd Baron Beauchamp (1435–1503) Edward Seymour, 1st Viscount Beauchamp (created Earl of Hertford in 1537 and Duke of Somerset in 1547, forfeit in 1552) Edward Seymour, 1st Earl of Hertford, 1st Baron Beauchamp (1537–1621) William Seymour, 2nd Duke of Somerset, 2nd Baron Beauchamp (1587–1660) William Seymour, 3rd Duke of Somerset, 3rd Baron Beauchamp (1654–1671) John Seymour, 4th Duke of Somerset, 4th Baron Beauchamp (d. 1675) Francis Seymour, 5th Duke of Somerset, 5th Baron Beauchamp (1658–1678) Charles Seymour, 6th Duke of Somerset, 6th Barom Beauchamp (1662–1748) Algernon Seymour, 7th Duke of Somerset, 7th Baron Beauchamp (1684–1750) (Barony extinct on his death) Francis Seymour-Conway, 1st Earl of Hertford, 1st Viscount Beauchamp (1718–1794) (created Marquess of Hertford in 1793) William Lygon, 1st Baron Beauchamp (1747–1816) (created Earl Beauchamp in 1815) Beauchamp baronets"
Qaradeyin, Agdash;" Qaradeyin (also, Karadein) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan.  It has a population of 1,551.     This Agdash Rayon location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Qaradeyin, Agdash at GEOnet Names Server v t e Abad Ağalı Ağcaqovaq Ağzıbir Aşağı Ağcayazı Aşağı Ləki Aşağı Nemətabad Aşağı Qəsil Aşağı Qobuüstü Aşağı Qolqəti Aşağı Zeynəddin Beşdəli Bəylik Binələr Birinci Aral Birinci Şordəhnə Bulaqotağı Cardam Cücük Cüvə Davudlu Dəhnəxəlil Əmirarx Əmirməhmud Ərəb Ərəbocağı Ərəbşəki Eymur Gürcuva Güvəkənd Hacılar Hapıtlı Hüşün İkinci Aral İkinci Şordəhnə Kakhay Korarx Kotanarx Kotavan Kükəl Ləki Malay Məsəd Mövdüt Mürsəl Nehrəxəlil Orta Ləki Orta Qəsil Ovçulu Pirəyir Pirəzə Pirkəkə Pirkənd Qaradağlı Qaradeyin Qaraoğlan Qaraqan Saatlı Qaraqan Sədi Qaraqan Şıxlar Qarasuqumlaq Qəribli Qobuüstü Qolqəti Qoşaqovaq Qulbəndə Sadavat Şəkili Şəmsabad Şıxlı Şordəhnə Tatlar Tofiqi Türyançay Xınaxlı Xosrov Yenicə Yenikənd Yukhary-Uchkovakh Yuxarı Ağcayazı Yuxarı Ləki Yuxarı Nemətabad Yuxarı Qəsil Yuxarı Qolqəti Yuxarı Zeynəddin v t e"
H'El on Earth;" "H'El on Earth" is a Superman crossover story arc published by DC Comics. Written primarily by Scott Lobdell, it details the appearance of H'El, a mysterious Kryptonian.[1] The plot of "H'El on Earth" follows H'El's plan to restore Krypton and the Superman family's attempts to stop him.  The story begins after Superman's encounter with alien conqueror Helspont.[2] He engages in a training regime organized by Dr. Shay Veritas, Superman's scientific consultant, so that he can increase his power in case Helspont returns. After a few weeks of exercise in the Block, Dr. Veritas's scientific complex, Superman returns to Metropolis so that he can resume his life as Clark Kent. Realizing that Morgan Edge is manipulating the articles in order to increase his power and influence over Metropolis' media output, Clark quits the Daily Planet. Later, Superman discovers a mysterious alien dragon attacking Metropolis. After a lengthy brawl that leads to Ireland, Superman kills the dragon in an explosion. But in that moment, Kara appears to Superman, telling him that the creature he killed was a Kryptonian animal. She says that if a Kryptonian animal is on Earth, then that means Krypton must still be alive. Unknown to Superman and Supergirl, the Kryptonian H'El watches them from a distance.[3]  Meanwhile, Superboy readjusts to his life at New York City after spending sometime with the Ravagers. As he spends some time with his fellow Teen Titan Bunker, who tries to convince Kon-El to live amongst the other Titans, Superboy is attacked by H'El. As clones were outlawed by Kryptonian authorities, H'El believes Superboy to be an abomination. As Superboy and H'El clash, Bunker calls Wonder Girl, Kid Flash, and Solstice for assistance. H'El clearly outmatches Superboy in power, countering Superboy's telekinesis with his own. Effortlessly defeating the Titans, H'El teleports away with an unconscious Superboy. H'El believes that Superboy's nature as a Kryptonian-human hybrid might be useful in his plan.[4]  Superman and Supergirl take the body of the Kryptonian animal, identified as a Tripodal Curosiananium, to Dr. Veritas. She later returns to her Kryptonian base, the Sanctuary, created by her father to serve as her refuge, much like the Fortress of Solitude. Falling asleep for a while, she awakens at the surface of the Sun, with H'El standing beside her. As they return to Earth, H'El explains that he was sent to Earth by her uncle, Jor-El, before the destruction of Krypton. He offers her the chance to bring Krypton back to life, and as a token of sincerity, he shows her the unconscious body of Superboy, giving Supergirl the chance to decide his fate. Needing some time to think, Supergirl wants to speak with her cousin first, so H'El gives her the ability to understand human language and transports her to Metropolis. However, she walks in on a conversation between Clark and Lois Lane.[5]  Lois visits Clark at his apartment, where they talk about Clark's recent departure from the Daily Planet and Lois' moving in with Jonathan Carroll. In that moment, Clark receives a visit from Supergirl. To avoid an awkward moment, Clark gets Lois out of the apartment. Later, Superman and Supergirl go to the Metropolis Centennial Park. Supergirl reveals she has found another Kryptonian, H'El, who introduces himself to Superman. H'El expresses his plan to save Krypton and shows Superman the unconscious body of his clone, Superboy. H'El tries to kill Superboy, but Superman stops him, and the two engage in a fight. Superboy and Supergirl attempt to intervene, but H'El brutally knocks them out. H'El even uses mental illusions to make Supergirl believe her cousin attacked her. After defeating Superman, H'El leaves Metropolis, but not before stating that he will save Krypton with Kara's help, no matter what price Earth has to pay.[6]  Superman brings the wounded Superboy to the Fortress of Solitude in order to help him recover from his injuries. With the help of Cyborg and Dr. Veritas, Superman devises a way to cure Superboy. Detaching his Kryptonian armor, Superman places it on Superboy. Both realize that the armor is the only thing keeping Superboy alive, as H’El caused serious damage to Superboy’s cellular structure. Suddenly, H’El appears and kicks Superman and Superboy out of the Fortress.[7]  H'El brings Supergirl to the Fortress and asks her to help him in his plan to save Krypton. To do that, first they need to retrieve a crystal from the bottled city of Kandor. Since H'El cannot enter Kandor, he asks Supergirl to do so. He uses his powers to transport Supergirl to Kandor. After she retrieves the crystal, Supergirl returns to the Fortress. Beginning to sympathize with H'El's motivations, she kisses him.[8]  Seeking for a way to stop H'El, Superman and Superboy travel to the prison holding Lex Luthor. Luthor, who is mildly disfigured from a previous attack by Superman, reveals that H'El wants to travel back in time to prevent Krypton's destruction. To do so, he plans to absorb the sun's energy, collapsing the entire solar system. Luthor taunts Superman with the fact that the only way to stop H'El is by killing him, which is something he will never do. As Superman and Superboy leave the prison, Superman calls in the Justice League to help take back the Fortress.[9]  The Justice League attacks the Fortress and Superman informs that they can stop H'El by using a shard of Kryptonite stored in the Fortress. H'El sends security robots against the League while Superboy and Batman arrive to the hangar bay, where the shard is located. However, H'El already stole the shard. H'El activates an alien prison that uses teleportation beams to trap its target into perpetual parallel dimensions. One of the beams hits Superman and Superboy enters one of the beams to rescue him.[10] Superboy locates Superman and the two are able to return home, just a few minutes after they left. Unfortunately, H'El has already completed his machine.[11]  Flash attempts to convince Supergirl that H'El is only manipulating her, but she attacks him. As they fight across the Fortress, Flash gains the upper hand but H'El teleports Flash back into the Justice League Watchtower.[12]  Superman and Superboy reach H'El and Supergirl. Superman attempts to reason with Supergirl, but H'El moves the Fortress away from the Justice League and activates his machine.[9]  Superman, Superboy and Wonder Woman fight H'El as the machine begins draining the sun's energy. H'El takes the armor from Superboy and places it on Superman again, saying that Superman should die with minor dignity. As Superman engages H'El, Wonder Woman goes to help Superboy, who is heavily injured without the armor. As Supergirl attacks him, Superboy attempts to reason with her but she does not listen. Wonder Woman attacks Supergirl while Superboy goes to H'El's machine, intending to destroy it.[13]  Wonder Woman continues fighting Supergirl, restraining her with her lasso and forcing her to see that H'El's plan will destroy Earth. H'El does not care for Earth and forces Supergirl to choose between returning to Krypton and helping the Justice League.[14]  After taking a hit from H'El, Superman is launched to Earth's orbit. There, he meets a cosmic entity known as the Oracle, who gives him a vision of H'El's plan succeeding. As the Oracle disappears, Superman returns to Earth and continues fighting H'El. Superboy manages to destroy H'El's machine, while Supergirl stabs H'El with the Kryptonite shard in order to make up for helping him in the first place. As H'El disappears in the time portal he created, Supergirl falls ill from the Kryptonite poisoning and Superman takes her to the Fortress to heal her injuries. In the epilogue, a few years before Krypton's destruction, a young Jor-El finds an injured H'El in a cave.[15]  "Krypton Returns" is a story arc that follows the events of H'El on Earth. Written by Lobdell, the story arc begins in Action Comics Annual #2 and continues through the November issues Superboy #25, Supergirl #25, Superman #25.[16]  After the events of H'El on Earth, H'El has been sent to the time period of Krypton's destruction and plans to change history, so Superman and his allies travel to the past in order to stop him. Krypton Returns was also linked into Lobdell's run in Teen Titans and Superman #23.3, which featured H'El in the Forever Evil event.[16]  After the events of "H'El on Earth", H'El had been returned to Krypton's past and fallen into a coma. After finding H'El, Jor-El had been running experiments on him so that he could prove Krypton was about to be destroyed. H'El's mind manifests through the astral plane and he sees Jor-El talking with his friend, a young soldier named Zod, about his plans to evacuate Krypton's population to a planet where its sun's radiation could give them special powers. To do that, Jor-El wants to send an unmanned spacecraft named "House of El", equipped with genetic material collected from all of Krypton's history. H'El realizes he was in fact created from the genetic material in the ship and wakes up from his coma, killing Jor-El and Zod. After launching the ship and ensuring his own creation, H'El decides to take over Krypton.[17]  Superman, Superboy and Supergirl meet up in space and discover Krypton has mysteriously returned to life. The Oracle and his servant Faora explain to them that H'El has taken over Krypton and enslaved the population. He has also been travelling across time in order to save Krypton from destruction, but his travels have caused damage to the timeline. If they do not stop him, the temporal distortions he caused will destroy the universe. They each travel to different points in Krypton's history to systematically stop H'El. Superboy travels to Argo City a week before Krypton's destruction to make sure Supergirl escapes Krypton. Supergirl travels to the age of the Great War to stop the clone rebellion from causing damage to Krypton. Superman travels to Kryptonopolis months before Krypton's explosion to stop H'El at the very moment of his success.[18]  After getting to Argo City, Superboy meets Kara but they are attacked by the Eradicator, who wants to make sure every Kryptonian dies while Krypton explodes. After a small fight, Superboy defeats the Eradicator. As Supergirl arrives at the Great War, she attacked by clones. She defeats them but is left seriously weakened, and then, H'El encounters her, with the Kryptonite shard she impaled him with. Superman is attacked by Lara, his mother, who only stops when she sees the symbol of El in his armor.[19]  Supergirl fights H'El in the Great War while Superboy continues protecting Kara in Argo City. As Superman watches Jor-El and Lara on Kryptonopolis, he encounters a mysterious person who knows about his travel in time. Superboy is attacked by the Eradicator again, but Superboy uses a portal opened by the Oracle to send the Eradicator to Smallville in the present. H'El also attacks Superboy on Argo City, but Superboy and Supergirl realize if H'El is injured in a timeline, he will take damage in another. The clones that attacked Supergirl earlier acknowledge her as their leader and help her in the battle.[20]  Superboy's confrontation with H'El does not last long, as H'El disappears. As Superboy realizes Krypton is about to explode, he tells Kara about his mission. Meanwhile, Supergirl and the clones had defeated H'El, who commits suicide. Supergirl returns to the present while Superboy uses his powers to save Argo City just when Krypton explodes, sacrificing his life. Superman has met his father Jor-El, who comes from an alternate future where he discovered he was the one who created H'El in the first place. He has also travelled to the past to ensure H'El does not conquer Krypton. Superman and Jor-El travel to Krypton's core and fight H'El. At first, Jor-El wants to kill H'El but Superman instead uses H'El own chronal powers against him and freezes him with his super-breath, locking H'El in a state of eternal limbo. As Superman and Supergirl are reunited in the present, the Oracle informs them of Superboy's sacrifice. Superman and Supergirl return to Earth but in a small instant, Krypton is brought back to life in the present, right before it disappears.[21]  Superhero Superman Vol. 3 #13–17 Superboy Vol. 6 #14–17 (Superboy Annual #1) Supergirl Vol. 6 #14–17 Superhero Action Comics Annual #2 Superman #23.3, #25 Superboy #25 Supergirl #25 Comics portal Bizarro Bizarro World"
Gzy, Masovian Voivodeship;" Gzy [ɡzɨ] is a village in Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Gzy.[1] It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Pułtusk and 60 km (37 mi) north of Warsaw.    Coordinates: 52°45′00″N 20°57′00″E﻿ / ﻿52.7500°N 20.9500°E﻿ / 52.7500, 20.9500  This Pułtusk County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Issa Kassim;"   Issa Kassim (born 21 December 1975) is a Kenyan footballer. He played in 26 matches for the Kenya national football team from 2000 to 2004.[1] He was also named in Kenya's squad for the 2004 African Cup of Nations tournament.[2]  This biographical article related to Kenyan association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Blizanów Drugi;"   Blizanów Drugi [bliˈzanuf ˈdruɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) east of Blizanów, 17 km (11 mi) north of Kalisz, and 93 km (58 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.  The village has a population of 270.  This Kalisz County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Robert Waters Moore;" Robert Waters Moore M.R.C.S. (1819 – 6 December 1884) born in Cork, Ireland, was a prominent surgeon and medical practitioner in the early days of the colony of South Australia. He succeeded Dr. William Gosse as Colonial Surgeon.  Moore's father was a member of a well-known family in County Limerick, and was a graduate of Trinity College, Dublin. He began the study of medicine in the South Infirmary at Cork in 1835, and in 1840 he commenced working at the Charing Cross Hospital, London, where two years later he was appointed Demonstrator of Anatomy. In August, 1842, he was admitted to the Royal College of Surgeons. He also gained experience at the Westminster Ophthalmic Hospital, and in the year 1845 he took his degree as Doctor of Medicine. In 1846 he migrated to New South Wales, where he gained employment as medical assistant for the notorious entrepreneur Benjamin Boyd of Twofold Bay. While with Boyd Dr. Moore met Oswald Brierly, the artist, who accompanied the Duke of Edinburgh on his visit to South Australia in 1867. Dr. Moore came to South Australia in 1847, and took up a practice in Burra, where he was appointed medical officer to the mines, holding this position for about three years.  In 1851 he married Luduvine Dutton, daughter of William Hampden Dutton, and niece of Francis Stacker Dutton, who was for some time Agent-General of South Australia. This was shortly before the gold rush to Victoria, when around 1,500 men left South Australia for the goldfields, and a report published about the time states that the "streets of Adelaide were deserted, houses were abandoned by their tenants, property was unmarketable, and a general arrest put on all business".[1] Dr. Moore was one of those who remained and in 1858 was selected by the then Government to act as Colonial Surgeon to replace Dr. William Gosse, who had resigned, also as Superintendent of the Lunatic Asylum and President of the Medical Board and membership of the Vaccine Board. He was soon relieved of the Lunatic Asylum, for which a resident officer was appointed. In 1869 Dr. Moore resigned from the post of Colonial Surgeon, being succeeded by Dr. Paterson, and went into private practice, but continued as President of the Medical Board and official visitor with the Lunatic Asylum. He was also associated with the Orphan Home from its commencement, and served as its consulting physician. He was a Governor of St. Peters College, an Honorary Surgeon of the Female Refuge, and a member of the Linnæan Society. He acted as a Judge at various Horticultural and Floricultural Shows. He was highly literate and owned a library considered one of the best in the colony. He had an extensive practice and was very popular among the poor, to whom he always displayed the greatest kindness and consideration.[1]  He married Luduvine Charlotte Jane Dutton (1833 – 14 May 1868) on 3 December 1851, their children included:  He was in failing health the last few years of his life, he consulted physicians in Melbourne and Sydney to no avail. In his last weeks he was attended by Dr. Ellison and Dr. Phillips, and an old friend Dr. Graham of Melbourne. The funeral attracted a large congregation which included the Governor, Sir W. C. F. Robinson, Chief Justice Samuel Way, Sir Henry Ayers, Sir William Milne, G. C. Hawker, E. W. Hawker, J. B. Spence, W. L. Cleland, the Mayor of Adelaide W. Bundey, J. M. Stuart and J. H. Finlayson. He was buried at the North Road cemetery alongside his wife.    Robert Garret Moore (22 September 1852 – 4 December 1890), solicitor William Frederick Moore MB., ChM. (4 Mar 1854 – 3 Aug 1913), medical practitioner in New Zealand Arthur Kingston Moore (9 July 1857 – ), sheep farmer in Port Lincoln, married Sophia Charlotte Cameron on 21 December 1878 Louisa Moore (26 Feb 1859 – 10 May 1940) married Dr. William F. Gardner on 30 March 1880 Henry Percival Moore (8 Nov 1860 – 7 July 1936), manager of the Strathalbyn Branch of the Bank of Australasia, married Eleanor Formby on 30 November 1885 Edwin Canton Moore (3 April 1862 – 25 April 1890), solicitor Anna Theresa Moore (2 September 1866 –  ) married Harry Dove Young (7 February 1867 – 22 June 1944) on 25 August 1904"
Sergei Ovchinnikov (volleyball);" Sergei Anatolyevich Ovchinnikov (Russian: Серге́й Анатольевич Овчинников, 25 January 1969 – 29 August 2012) was the head coach of the Russia's National Women Volleyball Team.[1] He committed suicide three weeks after the team lost to Brazil at the 2012 Summer Olympics quarterfinals.[2]  Sergei Ovchinnikov was trained at the Sverdlovsk sports boarding school, and later played for several Russian volleyball teams: CSKA-2, SKA (Khabarovsk), Neftyanik (Yaroslavl), Oktan (Novokuybyshevsk) and Neftyanik (Ufa).[3]  Sergei's coaching career began in 1998 when his former teammate Sergei Shlyapnikov invited him to join the coaching staff of Neftyanik (Yaroslavl).[3] As an assistant coach, he was responsible for scouting young players.[4] In 2001, he joined the staff of Neftyanik (Ufa).[3]  On February 15, 2004, Ovchinnikov was appointed head coach of the Avtodor-Metar women's volleyball team in Chelyabinsk.[3] This was his first assignment as a head coach and a change from men's volleyball to women's volleyball.[4] During the 2005–2006 season, Ovchinnikov managed to qualify the Chelyabinsk team for the Super League, and was invited to Dynamo Moscow, the best Russian team at the time,[4] as an assistant coach.[3] Under Ovchinnikov, the team became the champion of Russia in 2006.[4]  The 2007–2008 season saw Ovchinnikov become the head coach again for the Dynamo's farm club – Dynamo RGSU.[3] Under his guidance, the team obtained the best result ever and took third place in the Premier League "A".[4]  The 2008-2009 season which Ovchinnikov spent coaching Fakel (Novy Urengoy)[3] was not a favorable season for him.[4] From the very beginning of the championship, accidental injuries sustained by key players of Fakel constrained them from actively participating in the games until the team left the elite division.[4] Though Ovchinnikov was requested to remain coaching Fakel,[4] he preferred coaching Omichka (Omsk).[3] Before he started working with the Omichka team, Ovchinnikov performed well in the national team as an assistant head coach to Vladimir Kuzyutkin.[4] During the quarterfinal playoffs, Omichka clashed with Dynamo (Krasnodar) and they lost with their rivals winning “bronze” that year under the guidance of Yuri Marichev.[4]  Marichev, at that time, headed both teams from Krasnodar (Men's and Women's) at once.[4] After the end of season, he returned to the men's squad and Sergey Ovchinnikov was offered to head women's team.[4] In the 2010–2011 season, under his guidance, the Krasnodar women's volleyball team won medals in all the tournaments in which it participated:[4] "silver" in the Cup of Russia, "silver" in the CEV Cup and "bronze" in the Russian League.[4]  On 11 February 2012, Ovchinnikov was appointed head coach of Dynamo Moscow.[3] Under his leadership, the team won the silver medal of the Russian Championship 2011/2012.[3]  In 2011 Sergei Ovchinnikov led the student team of Russia, which became the bronze medalist of the World Summer Universiade.[3]  On 21 October 2011 Sergei Ovchinnikov was appointed acting head coach of Russian women's volleyball team.[3] Two months later, on 14 December 2011, Sergei Ovchinnikov was officially confirmed as the head coach of the team.[3] Under his leadership the team took the 1st place in the World Olympic Qualification Tournament, which was held in Tokyo on 19–27 May 2012.  On 29 August 2012, 43-year-old Sergei Ovchinnikov was found dead in his hotel room at his team's training camp in the Croatian town of Poreč.[1] Croatian police, after examining the place of the tragedy, found no evidence of foul play, and concluded that it was a suicide.[2] The reason for the suicide remains unknown, although it was pointed out that Russian media heavily criticized Ovchinnikov for the failure at the Olympic Games in London, where his team was considered as the leading medal contenders but lost in the dramatic quarter-finals to eventual winners Brazil after squandering six match points.[1] Media reports blamed Ovchinnikov's lack of top-level international experience as the main reason for losing to Brazil.[1] "I could see his reaction after that loss," Vladimir Alekno, a head coach of the Russian men's volleyball team, told to the media. "He took it very personally. He was very hard on himself."[1]  On 6 September 2012, Ovchinnikov was buried in his home city of Yaroslavl.[5] Coincidentally, his funeral took place a day before the first anniversary of the 2011 Lokomotiv Yaroslavl plane crash killed the city's hockey team.[5] The Russian Volleyball Federation announced that it would organize a children's tournament in memory of Sergei Ovchinnikov.[5] "
Mountainside;" Mountainside may refer to:  the side of a mountain Mountainside, New Jersey, a borough Mountainside, a community in the city of Burlington, Ontario, Canada Mountainside Hospital, Glen Ridge, New Jersey"
Rizal Without the Overcoat;" Rizal Without the Overcoat is a book by Filipino writer Ambeth Ocampo, adapted from his "Looking Back" column in the Philippine Daily Globe from October 1987 to July 1990.  These writings were attempts to "translate" José Rizal and his historical context so that he could be better understood by a new generation—to present "a "new" Rizal that had been obscured by school and myth."[1]  In 1999, an expanded edition of the book was published to which was added an award-winning series of commentary on Rizal which Ocampo had written. His column by  then had moved to the Philippine Daily Inquirer.  The book is frequently used as a reference for college courses on the Life and Works of José Rizal, which is mandated by law (Republic Act 1425) as a required course for all college students. It won the 1990 National Book Award for the Essay. Although it garnered immense popularity, the book is criticized for its lack of conceptual and analytic contribution to the larger debate in Philippine historiography.    This article about a non-fiction book on history of the Philippines is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Episcepsis rypoperas;"   Episcepsis rypoperas is a moth of the family Erebidae. It was described by George Hampson in 1898. It is found in Belize.[1]    This Euchromiina-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Epidesma rhypoperas auctt. Episcepcis rypoperas Hernández-Baz, 2013"
Nemo;" Nemo may refer to:  Nemo (arcade game), a 1990 arcade game by Capcom based on Little Nemo NEMO (video game console), an unreleased console Nemo (American band), an indie rock band Nemo (Belgian band), a former rock band Nemo (French band), a rock band "Nemo" (song), by Nightwish from their album Once "Nemo", a song by Umphrey's McGee from their album Safety in Numbers NEMO Music Showcase and Conference, a former annual music event in Boston, Massachusetts Nemo (magazine), devoted to classic comic strips Nemo (1984 film), directed by Arnaud Sélignac Network for the Establishment and Maintenance of Order, a fictional DC Comics organization created by the extraterrestrial Controllers Saint Lucia National Emergency Management Organisation Nemo 33, a diving center in Uccle, Belgium NEMO Equipment, Inc., a manufacturer of outdoor tents and shelters Nemo Rangers GAA, an Irish athletic club Paul Morris Motorsport, also known as Nemo Racing, a defunct Australian motor racing team (1999–2012) IKBKG or NF-Kappa-B essential modulator (NEMO), a protein NEMO deficiency syndrome NEMO deficiency syndrome Nemo (file manager), a file manager for Linux distributions forked from Nautilus NEMO, an Australian open source electricity system model NEMO (Stellar Dynamics Toolbox), a toolbox for stellar dynamics modeling Neutrino Ettore Majorana Observatory, a neutrino-related experiment in Modane, France Nucleus for European Modelling of the Ocean, a computational model of ocean circulation Nemo Mobile, a Linux mobile system originally based on Mer. Citroën Nemo, a small truck Sisu Nemo, a motor Nemo, a remotely controlled underwater vehicle operated by Tommy Gregory Thompson DSV-5 Nemo, a submersible used by the United States Navy between 1970 and 1986 to oversee and observe undersea construction work. NEMO (museum), a national science museum in Amsterdam Nemo link, a submarine power cable between the United Kingdom and Belgium, operational since January, 2019. Caisson Nemo, a former French rocket launch pad off the Riviera coast NeMO, a NASA project for the Next Mars Orbiter Nemo (name), people, fictional characters and a dog with the surname or given name Constantin de Grimm, illustrator of Vanity Fair caricatures under the name "Nemo" Nemo Cove, Pourquoi Pas Island, Graham Land Nemo Glacier, Pourquoi Pas Island, Graham Land Nemo Peak (Antarctica), Wiencke Island, Palmer Archipelago Nemo, Missouri, an unincorporated community Nemo, South Dakota, an unincorporated community Nemo, Texas, an unincorporated community 1640 Nemo, an asteroid Mount Nemo, a crag in Mount Nemo Conservation Area, Ontario, Canada Point Nemo, the place in the ocean that is farthest from land Nemo Peak, a volcano in the Kuril Islands German submarine U-505, a World War II submarine captured by the US and temporarily renamed USS Nemo Patria NEMO, a mortar system February 2013 nor'easter, also known as "Winter Storm Nemo" Nemo, the theoretical fourth part of the human psyche that emphasizes the self's insignificance and meaninglessness, used in The Aristos by John Fowles Nemo A534, a German Shepherd dog who served in the US Air Force during the Vietnam War Nearly but not fully Missing Out, a variant of fear of missing out NEEMO (NASA Extreme Environment Mission Operations), a program studying human survival in an underwater laboratory Outis, the Greek equivalent"
Terry Orr;"   Terrance F. Orr (born September 27, 1961) is a former American football tight end in the National Football League (NFL) for the Washington Redskins and the San Diego Chargers. He played high school football for Cooper High School in Abilene, Texas, and college football at the University of Texas.  In August 2001, Orr was sentenced to fourteen months in prison for defrauding three former Redskins players (including Art Monk) and a Georgia businessman with a failed shoe company.[1]  Orr has 3 sons, Zach, Nick, and Chris, all of whom played professional football. Zach is currently the inside linebackers coach for the Baltimore Ravens, Nick is currently a free agent, and Chris currently plays for the New Jersey Generals of the United States Football League (USFL).[2]  This biographical article relating to an American football tight end born in the 1960s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Washington Redskins (1986–1990) San Diego Chargers (1990) Washington Redskins (1991–1993) 2× Super Bowl Champion (XXII, XXVI)"
Database Workbench;" Database Workbench is a software application for development and administration of multiple relational databases using SQL, with interoperationality between different database systems, developed by Upscene Productions.  Because Databases Workbench supports multiple database systems, it can provide software developers with the same interface and development environment for these otherwise different database systems and also includes cross database tools.[2][3]  Database Workbench started out as a developer tool specifically for InterBase, "InterBase Workbench", initially modeled after the SQL Navigator tool for Oracle Database by Quest Software.[4][5] During its early years, InterBase became open-source for a short while, and soon after Firebird was created as a fork from the InterBase code base. The main developer of Database Workbench, Martijn Tonies,[6] was closely involved in the early development of Firebird, has been a committee member of the Firebird Foundation and continues to be a Foundation member and sponsor.[7]  Database Workbench continued to support both database systems, initially through a separate "Firebird Workbench" release.[8] Not long after, the program became interoperational between the different database systems and this initial support for multiple database systems led to the renaming of the product to its current title "Database Workbench" in 2003. It also opened the path to the inclusion of support for more database systems: support for Microsoft SQL Server and MySQL was added in 2003, in 2005, support for Oracle Database and NexusDB was added and SQL Anywhere support followed in 2008. Early 2010, a full Unicode version of Database Workbench was released and version 5 of Database Workbench was released in August 2014.[9] In December 2021, Database Workbench 6 was released with a revamped user interface including a more consistent look and feel and the multi-threaded loading of database metadata. This version introduced the Enterprise Edition with its TeamServer component. A free version with limited functionality,[10] Data Workbench Lite, based on Data Workbench 4 is also available.[11][12][13]  Database Workbench supports the following relational databases: Oracle Database, Microsoft SQL Server, SQL Anywhere, Firebird, NexusDB, InterBase, MySQL, MariaDB and PostgreSQL[14][15][16] Version 6 of Database Workbench is a 64-bit application for Windows platforms, previous versions were 32-bit.[17] Under Linux, FreeBSD or Mac OS X Database Workbench can operate using Wine.[18]  Database Workbench can be used to view, create and edit tables, indexes, stored procedures and other database meta data objects. It also supports:[19]  It includes several productivity features:  visual database design/diagramming, both conceptual and physical, including reverse engineering testing SQL queries and viewing query plans step-by-step debugging of stored routines generating test data transferring data between database systems (DataPump) import and export of data database schema compare and change script creation database schema migration, also from one database system to another visual privilege management dependency browsing open ODBC or ADO data sources and MS Access databases manage security items like users, groups and roles create custom reports based on database queries print database schema, source code, lists of objects or query result sets BLOB (binary large object) editor with support for images, HTML, PDF and RTF, DOC and DOCX documents Favorite Databases for easy access to your most used databases SQL Insight including "Join Completion" Parameter Insight Code Templates Object Templates Name Templates Two-way Visual Query Builder Initially created by as InterBase Workbench Version 1: 2001 Version 1.4: 2002, Firebird Workbench to only work with Firebird. InterBase Workbench works with both Firebird and InterBase. Version 2: 2003, renamed Database Workbench with modular approach for supported database systems, Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL, Oracle and NexusDB support added. Version 3: 2007, SQL Anywhere support added. Version 4: 2010, fully Unicode enabled. Version 5: 2014, High DPI aware and support for PostgreSQL added. Version 6: 2021, Enterprise Edition added, a special multi-user version with central repository of servers, databases and workspaces and a database Version Control System."
Valerio Evangelisti;"   Valerio Evangelisti (20 June 1952 – 18 April 2022) was an Italian writer of science fiction, fantasy, historical novels, and horror. He is known mainly for his series of novels featuring the inquisitor Nicolas Eymerich and for the Nostradamus trilogy, all bestsellers translated into many languages. Some of his books are seen as part of the body of literary works known as the New Italian Epic.  Evangelisti earned his degree in Political Science in 1976 with a historical-political thesis. He was born in Bologna, where he lived, he spent some time each year in Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, Mexico, where he owned a house.  Until 1990 his career was mainly academic. He also worked for the Italian Ministero delle Finanze (Treasury Department). His first written works were historical essays, including five books and some forty articles. In 1993 his novel Nicolas Eymerich, inquisitore won the Urania Award, which was established by Urania, Italy’s main science fiction magazine, with the aim of discovering new talent in the field. Urania published other novels of the series in the following years: Le catene di Eymerich ("Eymerich’s Chains", 1995), Il corpo e il sangue di Eymerich ("Eymerich’s Body and Blood", 1996), Il mistero dell'inquisitore Eymerich ("Eymerich’s Mystery", 1996), Cherudek (1997), Picatrix, la scala per l'inferno ("Picatrix, the Stairway to Hell", 1998), Il castello di Eymerich ("Eymerich’s Castle", 2001), Mater terribilis (2002). Most of the last ones were however first published as hardcover.  Nicolas Eymerich is a real historical character, member of the order of the Dominicans and inquisitor in the Spanish Inquisition. He was born in 1320 in Girona, Catalonia, and died in 1399. Evangelisti’s interpretation of his character is a cruel, ruthless, haughty, restless man, who acts mercilessly to protect the Catholic Church against perceived menaces of natural or supernatural origin. At the same time he shows an outstanding intelligence and a deep culture in his actions. In the novels of the series he investigates the mysterious phenomena of Medieval Europe, thus subtly influencing many of the historical events of that epoch, on many occasions the solution of the riddles comes up from stories which are narrated along with the main plot, normally set in the present and in the future. Evangelisti's atmospheres are normally dark, nightmarish, haunting.  Another success of 1999, also translated in several languages, is the Magus trilogy, a romanticized biography of the famous Middle Ages prophecies writer Nostradamus. The three novels, Il presagio ("The Omen"), L’inganno ("The Deceit") and L'abisso ("The Abyss") sold 100,000 copies in Italy.  Evangelisti's novels are greatly appreciated in France (where he won several literary awards), Spain, Germany and Portugal. He was the director of the Carmilla magazine. In the last years he has written some works which show his love for heavy metal music, namely the short stories collection Metallo urlante (referring to the French magazine Metal Hurlant) and the novels Black Flag and Antracite: they are set during the American Civil War and feature a new character, Pantera, a palero shaman. One of his latest novels, Noi saremo tutto ("We Shall Be All"), spans several decades of the last century, exploring the life of Eddie Florio, a gangster, against the background of the history of the trade unions and the workers' battles for civil rights.  Mexico is the setting for his next two novels, Il collare di fuoco ("The Fire Collar"), which was published in November 2005 and Il collare spezzato ("The Broken Collar", October 2006). In 2007 La luce di Orione was released, the ninth title in the Eymerich series, followed in 2010 by Rex tremendae maiestatis.  Tortuga, a novel about pirates of the Caribbean, was published in 2008.  Evangelisti died on 18 April 2022, at the age of 69.[1]  Storia del partito socialista rivoluzionario 1881-1893 (1981), Cappelli, Bologna Il galletto rosso, precariato e conflitto di classe in Emilia Romagna 1880-1890 with Salvatore Sechi, (1982), Marsilio, Venezia Sinistre eretiche, dalla banda Bonnot al Sandinismo, 1905-1984 (1985), SugarCo, Milano Gallerie nel presente. Punk, Snuffs, Contras: tre studi di storia simultanea (1988), Lacaita, Bari Gli sbirri alla lanterna: la plebe giacobina bolognese dall'anno I all'anno V (1792-1797) (1991), Bold Machine, Bologna Nicolas Eymerich inquisitore (1994)[2] Le catene di Eymerich (1995) Il corpo e il sangue di Eymerich (1996) Il mistero dell'inquisitore Eymerich (1996) Cherudek (1997) Picatrix, la scala per l'inferno (1998) Il castello di Eymerich (2001) Mater Terribilis (2002) La luce di Orione (2007) Rex tremendae maiestatis (2010) Eymerich risorge (2017) Il fantasma di Eymerich (2018) Metallo urlante (1998) Black Flag (2002) Antracite (2003) Magus: Il Presagio (1999) Magus. L'Inganno (1999) Magus: L'Abisso (1999) Magus: Il Romanzo di Nostradamus (2000) Tortuga (2008) Veracruz (2009) Cartagena (2012) Gocce nere (2001) Noi saremo tutto (2004) Il collare di fuoco (2005) Il collare spezzato (2006) One Big Union (2011) Il sole dell'avvenire (2013) La furia di Eymerich, (2003 – art by Francesco Mattioli) Nicolas Eymerich inquisitore (2003 – art by David Sala) Lune nere (2005), with Paolo Ferrucci. Controinsurrezioni (2008), with Antonio Moresco. Chianese, A. L’anima dell’inquisitore. L’opera di Valerio Evangelisti. Trento: UNI Service, 2004 Rossi, Umberto. "Valerio Evangelisti: The Italian Way to Slipstream". Science-Fiction Studies #120, 40:2 (2013), 335-363. Somigli, Luca. Valerio Evangelisti. Fiesole: Cadmo, 2007. Vial, Eric. "Bûchers d'autrefois et guerres à venir: Valerio Evangelisti et l'inquisiteur Nicola Eymerich entre littérature populaire et discours engagé". Cahiers d'études italiennes: Novecento.. e dintorni. N° 3/2005, 125-38. Cesare Battisti (1954-)"
Paul Moreira;"  Paul Moreira is a French journalist and documentary filmmaker. He is based in Paris, France. He has directed several investigative documentaries in conflict zones, including Iraq, Afghanistan, Burma, Palestine, Democratic Republic of Congo and Somalia.  Paul Moreira has contributed to the emergence of investigative journalism on French television.[1] In 1999, in created "90 minutes" on Canal plus, a European television network. The investigations of his team collected several prestigious French awards. Some of their films like the one about the murder disguised as suicide of Judge Borrel contributed to reopen criminal investigations.[2] Following the success of the show and at the request of the management of Canal Plus, he created a weekly slot dedicated to investigative documentaries: Lundi Investigation. Award-winning movies were commissioned and broadcast. Like "Escadrons de la mort : l'école française" by Marie Monique Robin.[3] This film got the award of the political documentary of "Audiovisual Club" of French senate in 2003, best investigative film at FIGRA, award of merit from Latin American Studies Association.[4]  In 2006, Paul Moreira left Canal+ to create an independent TV production company,  (First Lines).[5]  Since then, he has been developing a line of investigative and comprehensive films on global issues. He works on assignment for various French channels: Canal Plus, Arte, France Televisions, La Chaine Parlementaire. His films have been broadcast in most European countries as well as Canada, India, Singapore, Australia, Japan, Russia...  In 2007, he published an essay on journalism, public relations, war reporting at the embedment age and perception management.[6]  Moreira heads the campaign Liberté d'Informer,[41] a civic society movement to align the restrictive French law on the more transparent American Freedom of Information Act model. A petition has gathered nearly 6,000 signatures and a strong public interest.  "In The Jungle of Baghdad": Looting and chaos that followed US forces invasion of Iraq. (Canal+) "Baghdad: War of bombs": the fighting in Sadr City in September 2004. (Canal+) "The Power of the Armed Rebels": meeting the young fighters who were challenging the Palestinian authority, among them Zakaria Zubeidi, head of Martyrs Brigades Al Aqsa in Jenin, then most wanted man for the Israel Defense Forces. "Iraq: Agony of a Nation": At the height of the confessional strife in Baghdad, an investigation on the roots of the civil war. (Canal+) "Armes, trafic et raison d'état," a 90 minutes film on the flow of weapons pouring into Eastern Congo Arte TV, a French-German channel, co-directed by Paul Moreira and David Andre. "Afghanistan: on the dollar trail", a 52 minutes documentary on corruption and embezzlement of humanitarian aid in Afghanistan.[8] "Burma: Resistance, Business and Nuclear Secrets": an undercover documentary in Myanmar that reveals how Alcatel-Shanghai-Bell, the Chinese branch of Alcatel, is helping the junta control the internet.[9] "Coupables indulgences", "Guilty indulgences", how the Catholic hierarchy protects pedophile priests[10][11] "Wikileaks : War, Lies and Videotape" : an in-depth investigative documentary about Wikileaks. "Bunker cities", a 52 minutes documentary about gated communities in Europe, Brazil and Iraq. (Arte) "Toxic Somalia", an investigative film about the toxic waste dumped on Somalian coasts with a rare access to pirates from Hobyo, children hospital in Mogadishu and Italian trafficking networks. (Arte) "Tracked : Investigating digital arms dealers", western companies selling tracking devices to middle eastern dictatorships, Syria and Libya.(Canal+) "Big Tobacco, Young Targets", a documentary about tobacco companies targeting children worldwide.[15] (Canal+) "Journey through an invisible war", a 60 minutes film on the low intensity conflict between Israeli settlers and Palestinian in the West Bank. (Canal Plus,[17] Al Jazeera[18]) "Bientôt dans vos assiettes (de gré ou de force)", "Soon on your plates! (By fair means or foul...)" "Danse avec le FN", "Ukraine The Masks of the Revolution", a documentary about role of extreme right-wing paramilitary groups in Ukraine during and after the overthrow of the Yanukovych government, and especially in the violence in Odessa in May 2014.[21] FIPA (Festival International des Programmes Audiovisuels) included this documentary among its 2016 selections.[22] The Ukrainian Embassy in France asked Canal+ to stop the screening of the film.[23] The channel went ahead with the screening.[24] Due to popular demand, the film was shown several more times on Canal+.  The film was also translated into several languages, and shown in other countries, such as Italy and Poland.[25][26][27] "Inside the Russian Info War Machine", how Russia manipulates public opinion, undermines democratic governments and attempts to alter world events.[28][29][30][31][32][33] "Digital Addicts", Child mobile phone addiction, brain development, long-term damage[34] "Chocolate's Heart of Darkness", Driving along the Ivory Coast - the region responsible for most of the production and export of cocoa - the filmmaking team encounter armed militias, a badly deteriorated forest reserve, and thousands of illegal cocoa plants. In one camp, a group of 40 immigrant men and children toil through the brush with machetes, engaging in a process that is both back breaking and risky. The children spray poisonous pesticides without wearing masks or any other protective gear. Beyond documenting the environmental and human rights abuses, the filmmakers attempt to hold corporations accountable for their complicity.[35] "World's Most Wanted (Season 1, Episode 1): Ismael "El Mayo" Zambada Garcia: The Head of the Sinaloa Cartel"[36][37][38][39][40]"
Ruger SR22;" The Ruger SR22 or SR22P is a compact semi-automatic pistol manufactured by Sturm, Ruger & Co., chambered for the .22 Long Rifle rimfire cartridge.  The SR22 is mainly targeted at plinking and competition shooting.  The SR22 does not share design and ergonomic commonalities with the striker-fired centerfire Ruger SR-Series pistols and mechanically deviates significantly.  In fact, it is more similar to the Walther P22 than a Ruger SR-Series pistol.  The SR22 comes only in compact size, although recently a 4.5-inch (11 cm) barrel version (Model 3620) was released.  The SR22 has a straight blowback-type action, and features a stainless steel barrel that is fixed to the frame.  Furthermore, the SR22 features a double-action/single-action trigger system with a rounded-spur external hammer, and has a visual inspection port in the form of a hole in the top of the slide and the back of the barrel that functions as a loaded chamber indicator.  The pistol is very lightweight thanks to its aluminium slide and polymer frame, and also comes with interchangeable rubber grips for different-sized hands.[1]  The SR22 started to ship in January 2012 and is shipped with two single-stack 10-round magazines and replaceable grips for small or large hands.[2]  The Ruger SR22 is equipped standard with an ambidextrous thumb safety/decocking lever, and magazine release.  Two interchangeable handgrips are offered.  One in slim, and the other in wide-palmswell format.  It is also equipped with a Picatinny rail on the frame below the barrel and in front of the trigger guard.  Note that this list may not include all models.   "
Gavin Main;"   Gavin Thomas Main (born 28 February 1995) is a Scottish cricketer. He made his first class debut for Durham County Cricket Club on 25 May 2014.[1]  He made his Twenty20 International debut against Ireland on 19 June 2015, although no play was possible due to rain.[2] He made his List A debut in the 2015–17 ICC World Cricket League Championship on 29 July 2015 against Nepal.[3]  In May 2019, he was named in Scotland's One Day International (ODI) squad for their series against Afghanistan, but he did not play.[4] The following month, he was selected to represent Scotland A in their tour to Ireland to play the Ireland Wolves.[5] In July 2019, he was selected to play for the Edinburgh Rocks in the inaugural edition of the Euro T20 Slam cricket tournament.[6][7] However, the following month the tournament was cancelled.[8]  In July 2019, he was named in Scotland's One Day International (ODI) squad for the 2019 Scotland Tri-Nation Series.[9] He made his ODI debut for Scotland, against Papua New Guinea, on 17 August 2019.[10]  On 13 April 2022, in the fourth match of the 2022 Papua New Guinea Tri-Nation Series, Main took his first five-wicket haul in ODI cricket, with 5/52.[11]  Scotland (2015–2022)"
Daniel Clark (Connecticut colonial leader);" Daniel Clark (1622-1710) was the fourth Secretary of the Colony of Connecticut, from 1658-1664 and 1665-1667, and holder of various offices in colonial Connecticut. He has been known as the "great grandfather of Governors" given the number of his descendants who have held that position in Connecticut and Massachusetts.  Clark was born in Tarvin, Cheshire, England in 1622. In 1639, he immigrated to America with his uncle and resided in Windsor, Connecticut. He was a representative to the General Court from 1657-1661, member of the Court of Assistants from 1662-1664, in addition to serving as Secretary of the Colony. He was also a member of the committee to appoint and commission officers of the militia and the Committee to Advise the Indians. In 1662, he was one of the 19 signers and grantees of the Connecticut Charter, and in 1664 he was commissioned as captain in the Colonial Troops, serving in King Philip's War. He died in Windsor, Aug 10, 1710.[1]  He was the son of Sabbath Clark (Rector of Tarvin Chapel) and Elizabeth (Overton) Clark (granddaughter of Bishop William Overton and great granddaughter of Bishop William Barlow).  Daniel's first married Mary Newberry, who was the mother of all of his nine children and who died in 1688.  Following her death, in 1689 he married Martha (Pitkin) Wolcott, the widow of Simon Wolcott, and became stepfather of her six children, including future Connecticut colonial governor Roger Wolcott, who served as governor from 1750-1754.  Clark's great-grandson (through Roger Wolcott, who married Clark's biological granddaughter, Sarah Drake) was Oliver Wolcott, a signer of the Declaration of Independence and the Articles of Confederation, and governor of Connecticut from 1796 until his death a year later.  Oliver Wolcott's son, Oliver Wolcott, Jr., also served as governor of Connecticut, from 1817-1827, in addition to serving as the second Secretary of the Treasury from 1795-1800.  Several other governors of Connecticut, Roger Griswold and Clark Bissell, in addition to a governor of Massachusetts, Roger Wolcott, are also descended from Daniel Clark.[2]  Clark served as the prosecuting attorney on behalf of the Crown against Winifred King Benham and her daughter Winifred of Wallingford in the last witch trial conducted in New England in 1697. They were charged with "having familiarity with Satan the Enemy of God and mankind, and by aid doing many preternatural acts". The Benham women subsequently had the charges dismissed.[3][4] "
Ernest Parkin;" Ernest Parkin (1 October 1894 – 1957) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1910s and 1920s. He played at representative level for Yorkshire, and at club level for Wakefield Trinity (Heritage № 213), as a forward (prior to the specialist positions of, prop, hooker, second-row, loose forward), during the era of contested scrums.[4]  Parkin made his début for Wakefield Trinity during October 1913, and he played his last match for Wakefield Trinity during March 1924.  Parkin won cap(s) for Yorkshire while at Wakefield Trinity.  Parkin played as a forward, i.e. number 12, in Wakefield Trinity's 0-6 defeat by Hull F.C. in the 1914 Challenge Cup Final during the 1913–14 season at Thrum Hall, Halifax, in front of a crowd of 19,000.[5] "
Nutmobile;" NUTmobile is a series of automobiles shaped like a peanut owned by Kraft Heinz which are used to promote and advertise Planters products in the United States. The first version was created in 1935. Drivers of the NUTmobile are known as “Peanutters”. Nine "Peanutters" are selected to drive three Nutmobiles across the country in the given year. These brand representatives are typically recent college graduates with degrees in advertising, marketing, public relations, communications. The University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign has a history of recruiting students with representatives in 2014-2015, 2016-2017, 2018–2019, and 2019-2020.[1][2][3] During the year, "Peanutters" travel across the country giving out peanut samples, Mr. Peanut memorabilia, and other products from the Planters brand. The program is based in Madison, WI and "Peanutters" go through two weeks of 'Peanut Prep' where they learn about speaking on behalf of the Planters brand, Planters history, and learn to drive the vehicles. Mr. Peanut also accompanies the "Peanutters" and is present at each event they attend offering photos, autographs, and hugs to interested customers.[4]  The first Nutmobile in the current decade started in 2011 as a food truck. With incredible success and consumer intrigue, the tour changed to what it is today - an experiential marketing icon. In  2014, two more NUTmobiles were created to fleet to cover more of the United States.  The current NUTmobile is a converted 2014 Isuzu.[5] In 2019, a brand new NUTmobile was created for the 2019 Planters Super Bowl commercial. The new NUTmobile replaced the old, 2011 NUTmobile on the national tour.[6]    This article about an automotive technology is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Wienermobile"
Pinhal Novo;" Pinhal Novo (Portuguese pronunciation: [piˈɲaɫ ˈnovu]) is a town in Portugal situated in the Setúbal Peninsula halfway between Lisbon and Setúbal. It is a civil parish of the Palmela Municipality. The population in 2011 was 25,000,[1] in an area of 54.44 km2.[2] It is served by two highways connecting Lisbon to the South and by its new train station that has enabled residents to connect directly to Lisbon's subway network in 38 minutes since October 2004. It is located near the Arrabida Natural Park and many of facilities, such as shopping centers including Forum Montijo, the Alcochete Freeport, Pinô Shopping Cetre and Mochos, two of the most popular Portuguese shopping companies.  The city is experiencing continuous growth and has expanded from a little village a few years ago to a planned 40, 000 resident city. It benefits from new infrastructure, and urbanization plans do not allow large buildings, which contributes to a certain quality of life.[citation needed]    This Setúbal location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Kodiya;"   Kodiya is a village in the Bhopal district of Madhya Pradesh, India. It is located in the Huzur tehsil and the Phanda block.[1]  According to the 2011 census of India, Kodiya has 305 households. The effective literacy rate (i.e. the literacy rate of population excluding children aged 6 and below) is 67.48%.[2] "
Sheida Gharachedaghi;" Sheida Gharachedaghi (Persian: شیدا قرچه‌داغی) is a Persian-Canadian[1] composer and music educator, based in Montreal.  Born in Tehran in 1941, Sheida Gharachedaghi studied at the Vienna Music Academy in Austria and in 1971 established the Music Department at the Institute for the Intellectual Development of Children and Young Adults in Tehran.[2] Shortly after the 1979 Islamic Revolution in Iran Gharachedaghi moved to Germany and later settled in Canada.  In 1989 Sheida Gharachedaghi wrote an opera based on the English translation of Ahmad Shamlu's The Fairies. The opera premiered at Metropolitan Convention Centre in Toronto in 1989.[3]  The CD of 1989 - live performance of this opera  released in Europe in July 2020, on the 20th anniversary of Shamlu's death. The opera had not been published in Iran due to the  ban of solo-women singing.[4] The Fairies is the first Persian (Iranian) opera with an English libretto. The British journal "Opera" cited it as a "distinctly pre-modernist piece..." which "has so little to do with the tradition of Persian music."[5]  Instrumental  Voice and Orchestra  Opera  Music for Children  Books  Film Music  In Memory of Forough Farrokhzad (for piano solo) Duo (for flute and piano) Chahargah (for clarinet and piano) Dialogue (for cello and piano) Voice of the Poet: Baba-Taher (11th-century Persian poetry for voice and orchestra, performed by Pari Zanganeh and IIDCYA Orchestra in 1974)[6] The Fairies (an English opera setting of the Persian poetry by Ahmad Shamlu, premiered in Toronto in 1989, released in 2020) Cheshm, Cheshm, Do Abru [Eye, Eye, Two Eyebrows], IIDCYA, Tehran, 1975. (Vinyl) The Window to the Garden (Short Pieces for Piano). Farabi Publications, Montreal, 1990. Gharachedaghi has written music for around 40 films, TV serials and animations including "Ragbar" [Downpour], directed by Nasser Taghvai in 1971[7] and "The Chess Game of the Wind" by Mohammad Reza Aslani in 1976.[8]"
Zora Singh Maan;"   Zora Singh Maan (born 18 June 1940) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Firozpur constituency of Punjab and was a member of the Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) political party.[1][2]    This article about a Shiromani Akali Dal politician from Punjab, India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Odessa College;"   Odessa College is a public junior college in Odessa, Texas. The college serves the people of Ector County and the Permian Basin.  It was established in 1946 and enrolled 8,024 students in Fall 2021 and 7,679 students in Spring 2022 in its university-parallel and occupational/technical courses, and 11,000 students annually in its Basic Education, Continuing Education, and Community Recreation courses.  Odessa College was founded in 1946 as Odessa Junior College.[5] The college dropped "Junior" from its name around 1976.[6]  As defined by the Texas Legislature, the official service area of Odessa College is the following:[7]  The Pecos Technical Training Center is an extension of Odessa College, located at 1000 S. Eddy St, Pecos, Texas. It first opened its doors in the summer of 1999.  Odessa Junior College was featured in the Supreme Court case Perry v. Sindermann, 408 U.S. 593 (1972).  In 1999, an Odessa doctor and his wife donated a 27,000-square-foot (2,500 m2) building in Pecos to house the new Pecos Technical Training Center of Odessa College. After renovations to the building made possible by an $860,000 Economic Development Administration grant, the center now houses administrative and faculty offices, technical and vocational learning labs and a student lounge. The new center enables Odessa College to improve and expand its long-established extension education program in Pecos.  In 2011, Odessa College, along with Frank Phillips College in Borger, Ranger College in Ranger, and Brazosport College in Lake Jackson were proposed for closure by the State of Texas. The Texas Association of Community Colleges rallied successfully to keep the four institutions open.[8]  Odessa College participates in the Western Junior College Athletic Conference Conference of the National Junior College Athletic Association in multiple sports. To date, the Odessa sports programs have won 46 National Junior College Athletic Association titles, making them the most winning program in the association.[9] 11 sports are currently active: Men's and Women's Basketball, Baseball, Softball, Golf, Rodeo, Men's and Women's Cross Country, Dance, Cheerleaders, and Trainers. In 1970 the women's tennis team won the third national collegiate championship of the United States Lawn Tennis Association. In the first annual National Junior College Golf Tournament on June 2–5, 1959, Odessa College almost made a complete sweep of the honors with Jerry Lackey winning the individual championship with a score of 290 while Les Howard and Melvin Chisum took home the 1st place trophy in the team competition. In 1968 Gail Sykes won the national intercollegiate individual women's golf championship.  During the basketball season, Odessa College broadcasts the men's and women's Western Junior College Athletic Conference road games and the home games with Midland College on the radio.  Coordinates: 31°51′58.0″N 102°23′0.0″W﻿ / ﻿31.866111°N 102.383333°W﻿ / 31.866111, -102.383333  all of Andrews, Brewster, Crane, Culberson, Jeff Davis, Loving, Presidio, Reeves, Upton, Ward, and Winkler counties, and the Seminole Independent School District, located in Gaines County. Abraham Ancer, professional golfer Bonner Bolton, Professional Bull Riders, Championship Bull Riding 2007 World Champion, Dancing with The Stars 2017 Craig Ehlo, professional basketball player Josh Gray, professional basketball player Larry Johnson, professional basketball player Rich Loiselle, professional baseball player Joe Melson, singer and songwriter Ty Murray, seven-time Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association World All-Around Champion, two-time World Bull Riding Champion, co-founder of the Professional Bull Riders, Dancing with the Stars Season 8, ProRodeo Hall of Fame inductee Moochie Norris, professional basketball player Roy Orbison, songwriter and musician Jim "Razor" Sharp, two-time Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association World Bull Riding Champion, co-founder of the Professional Bull Riders Stephnie Weir, actress and comedian Kathy Whitworth, professional golfer Bill Noël, local industrialist who supported the college"
Cuckoo's Nest (nightclub);" Cuckoo's Nest (1976–1981) was a nightclub that was located at 1714 Placentia Avenue[1]  in Costa Mesa, California. The club was founded in 1976 by Jerry Roach, a former bar owner who had turned to selling real estate, after receiving the property from a client as a commission payment. A local Costa Mesa bar that was already in operation was named Jaws, after the film, and Roach took inspiration from this and named his new venture after One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, the big box-office draw of that year, to make the club's name easily memorable. The club became known for punk rock.  At first the club catered to fans of conventional rock. After almost two years, a slow period hit the business and in February 1978 Roach decided to give the bands that played a relatively new form of music called punk rock a shot.[2]  There were no venues in southern California at that time that would book punk bands due to the extremely negative reputation the fledgling scene had earned itself, as well as the costly damage done to some venues by punk fans, which had resulted in more than a few having to close their doors due to legal problems and finances. Several of these early Huntington Beach area punk bands, such as Vicious Circle and The Slashers had extremely violent and hardcore fans who made it a point to be as destructive and criminally-minded as possible, being fully pledged in allegiance to the anarchistic ethos of punk rock, wreaking havoc at a lot of shows that had taken place at other clubs. This trend relegated punk bands to play almost exclusively for free at house-parties, and keeping the majority of the southern westcoast scene underground. The first punk show to take place at The Nest was a benefit for the legendary Los Angeles punk club, The Masque, and took place on February 16, 1978. The owner of The Masque, Brendan Mullen, brought along the bands that performed that night, which included, The Skulls, The Bags, The Controllers, and Steamin' Freeman.  Cuckoo's Nest sat at the back within a shared parking lot of a liquor store, a transmission shop, a laundromat, as well as a bar and grill next door named Zubie's that had an "urban cowboy" motif, which attracted a mainly blue-collar crowd. The parking lot of The Nest was as popular a hangout as the club itself, and was usually filled with punks. There were almost nightly confrontations between the punks from the Cuckoo's Nest and the cowboys from Zubie's, being almost always started by the latter, who would usually hurl homophobic and ignorant remarks at the punks and were known to assault them without provocation, regardless of age or gender.  Jack Grisham of T.S.O.L. said in 1998, "They'd come out of Zubie's drunk, and there'd be fights every night. There's a videotape of me beating up these two cowboy guys, and I was wearing a dress at the time. I was trying to tick my dad off for a while, and wearing a dress was working good."[3] One night a group of cowboys even came out of Zubie's wearing football helmets and carrying baseball bats, looking to spill some blood in the crowded parking lot. Around 80 punks rushed at the rednecks, who dropped their bats and took off running, with the police coming to their rescue. Another night at the club, an on-duty police officer drew his firearm on a cowboy who had come into the Cuckoo's Nest with a loaded 9 mm pistol, who claimed he had been jumped by a group of punks outside and was looking for revenge. The Zubie's patrons would also be combative towards the security force of The Nest for defending the punks, which escalated into an all-out gang fight one night in the parking lot between them and a large group of rednecks during a T.S.O.L. show. Despite this, several band members and patrons of the   Cuckoos Nest claimed that the club bouncers could be as aggressive as the neighbors, and were known to drag anyone who got too out of control out the back door, where they would work them over.  The police already had a strong dislike for punks, and the constant fighting between them and the presentably decent folk at Zubie's, along with an ever-growing presence of punks in their town centering at the Cuckoo's Nest, started to become a major annoyance to them. They began harassing the punks, seeing them as the problem, and Roach soon found himself gaining the contempt of both his business neighbors and the city council and police, all of whom saw him as essentially fostering and encouraging delinquent and subversive behavior. He was admittedly not even a fan of punk music, but nevertheless saw it as the unquestionable right of the kids to be into and to play without persecution or victimization.  After an incident involving punk band names being tagged across a 100 foot long wall of Five Points Plaza next to a large slogan which read "Death to Huntington Beach Pigs!", which members of the band Youth Brigade have taken credit for in the decades since, the police would stop and detain any person they identified as a punk based on their haircuts and clothing. They were reported to have been often combative and vulgar with the punks, intimidating them with authority and calling them names like "faggots", and assembled a massive "Punk File" which contained names and Polaroids of all detainees for future use during investigations.  In the beginning it was the punks fighting either the pseudo-cowboys and macho jock types, or early long haired metal heads and leftovers from the hippie generation, all of whom saw punks as an outright affront to civil decency and established "normality". Within the confines of the largely affluent Republican area of Orange County at the time, homophobia and classism was rife, and many people saw the homemade clothing and provocative hair of punks as a free pass to unload nearly socially encouraged ignorance and elitism.  Violence had been to a degree always a part of the scene, being downright necessary most of the time in relation to self defense, but began to steadily escalate within the club between the punks themselves  as more and more violent and macho types began to get into punk rock and go to shows at the Cuckoo's Nest, believing the media hype surrounding punk that it was primarily about fighting and taking drugs rather than the music. The punk scene as a whole was beginning to splinter, and progressively there were a lot of rules and codes of conduct being established within a group who were supposed to say "fuck the rules". Differing factions would often clash over disagreements regarding bands, political ideals, drugs of choice, to even more ridiculous points of contention such as hair length. If you had slightly long hair or smoked pot, you were a hippie, and would often get beat down. Mike Ness of Social Distortion had part of the upper cartilage of his left ear bitten off in the parking lot during a fight that stemmed from a methed out punk, who didn't like that he was smoking a joint. The word "poser" started getting tossed around a lot at the club, ironically enough, usually being flung by new punks. Senseless violence also began to be perpetrated by both some of the bands while they were on stage, as well as the crowd, as stage diving and slam dancing shifted from harmless fun and starting to get progressively and genuinely violent at times. At the same time, punk was gaining a certain degree of popularity within the youth as a whole, and started to be viewed as a real threat to established order. In the early days, people would usually just gawk or laugh at punks, and it usually wouldn't go beyond childish name calling. However, with each newspaper or television story constantly portraying punks as a bonafide and ever-growing youth gang dedicated to hatred, hedonism, and crime, the general public started to see punks as nothing other than thugs and losers who needed to be dealt with. Jim Kaa, guitarist of the Crowd, said in 1998:  "[The scene at the Cuckoo's Nest] was crazy, it was young, and the police didn't know what the crazy punks were about. There was a lot of fighting, not just [against] the people at Zubie's but punks against punks. 'The Legend of Pat Brown' epitomizes the entire craziness of that whole era."[3] As tensions mounted within the community regarding the Cuckoo's Nest, the police started to station themselves outside of the club on a nearly nightly basis and started cracking down hard on both the punks and the club itself.  Undercover officers, usually posing as cowboys but sometimes as punks, started to be a regular sight in the parking lot. Arrests became commonplace in and around the club, for even the tiniest infraction (jaywalking and littering were popular offenses), and steadily escalated to the point where business started to suffer. There was a very real threat that patrons could be arrested for any number of reasons before they ever even stepped inside the club.  This ultimately led to an incident in the parking lot on the night of January 30, 1981, when an infamous punk and club regular named Pat Brown attempted to run over two  police officers with his car.[2] According to an eyewitness account of Casey Royer, Brown was driving through the parking lot with a group of friends while he had a beer in his hand, looking for a place to park. He was stopped by a man dressed as a cowboy, who approached the car, quickly told Pat that he was a cop, and reached inside the car to presumably put it in park. Pat punched the gas and took off, with the undercover officer hanging onto the car. An on-duty officer was catapulted over the hood of the car, who had come to backup the other officer, who some[who?] say Pat intentionally swerved to hit. The undercover officer was dragged several hundred feet before letting go and firing three shots into Brown's car, which had upwards of two passengers in it. He then ripped out of the parking lot and sped up Plancentia Avenue with no headlights on. No one was seriously injured, although both officers were taken to the hospital. Brown was pulled over a few blocks away for his headlights not being on, but was quickly arrested for attempted murder, after he was beaten severely by the police. Soon after the incident, the Costa Mesa city council revoked the entertainment permit for the Cuckoo's Nest, alleging that the clubs patrons were unruly and violent. Roach took the matter to court, claiming that the city had violated the constitutional rights of free speech and liberty for both himself and the punks. In March 1981, an Orange County Superior Court judge ruled in favor of the city, and rejected the allegations that the city had at any point been unjustly fair in its decision. However, less than a month later the California Supreme Court overturned the lower court's ruling, and The Nest was allowed to reinstate live music, much to the disapproval of the city. In total, Roach had been fighting the city for nine months to ensure that the basic freedoms of himself and his customers couldn't be trampled, with no help from anyone.[citation needed]  Not soon after the club began to showcase bands again, Roach was blindsided by the city when they took advantage of the fact that the Cuckoo's Nest did not have a licensed dance permit, and effectively crippled the club by imposing a ban on dancing, refusing to issue a permit, and having a judge uphold the ban in court. The police started to strengthen their presence and upheld the ban without exception, making countless arrests, and club attendance dwindled drastically by December 1981 from nearly 350 people a night, to a few dozen some nights. In his 1981 film on the subject Urban Struggle, Roach suggested that perhaps this was the first time that the authorities would stamp out a fad, but also asserted that a scene with as much intensity as punk-rock could not and would not die out, it would merely go back underground and continue to bubble under the surface.  The club finally closed its doors in 1981 as a result of the dance ban, as Roach said he did not want to see kids being arrested for simply expressing themselves. Almost all those involved believe this was the city's plan from the beginning, to systematically wear him down, since they could not simply shut him down and smother the punk scene. He said in later years that he would have continued on fighting the city, had he had financial backers or more support from the very scene that he was fighting for. In 1982 the building became another music venue called The Concert Factory before closing down again after a couple of years.[3] The space was then absorbed by former adversary Zubie's and became a pizzeria named Zubie's Gilded Cage. The former site of The Cuckoo's Nest, along with Zubie's, was bought in 1998 by Hank's Electric Supplies, who demolished both to make way for a warehouse.[3] Roach, who went back to real estate after the club closed, said he was relieved it would be demolished: "I don't have fond memories of losing, of unfairly having my means of making money taken away from me ... "I still think I was railroaded, but that's the breaks. I don't have any nostalgia for it. I'm kind of glad it's getting torn down. I'd rather have it not be there than be a pizza place."[3] Jack Grisham of T.S.O.L. also said: "It was wrecked the day Zubies got it."[3]  The Vandals' songs "The Legend of Pat Brown"[2] and "Urban Struggle" cover the parking lot battles between Cuckoo's Nest and Zubie's patrons.[4]  In 1981, as the police started to sporadically raid the club, Roach hired a student film-maker named Paul Young to record them when they did so. The idea to film a documentary about the club and the punk scene came about from there, and Roach and Young began interviewing and filming the bands and club patrons. The footage was compiled into a documentary, roughly 40 minutes in length, titled Urban Struggle: The Battle of the Cuckoo's Nest. The film also goes into the legal battles that surrounded the nightclub and Roach's defiant effort to "shove punk rock right up their asses".[5]  We Were Feared – The Story of the Cuckoo's Nest, directed by Jonathan W.C. Mills and executive produced by York Shackleton, premiered at the 2010 Newport Beach Film Festival.[4][6] The film includes interview footage from Urban Struggle, which led to a copyright claim from Young.[5]  Jessee Roach has designed a series of Cuckoo's Nest tee-shirts.  Coordinates: 33°38′13″N 117°55′53″W﻿ / ﻿33.63687°N 117.9313°W﻿ / 33.63687, -117.9313 "
Farley v Skinner;"   Farley v Skinner [2001] UKHL 49 is an English contract law case, concerning the measure and availability of damages for distress.  Mr Farley bought a large estate, Riverside House, in Blackboys, Sussex, not far from Gatwick Airport. It had a croquet lawn, a tennis court, an orchard, a paddock and a swimming pool. It cost £420,000 and after the purchase was complete on 28 February 1991, he spent £125,000 improving it. He also had a flat in London, a house in Brighton and one overseas. He hired Mr Skinner to survey the house, particularly to determine levels of aircraft noise. Skinner reported that the noise was of acceptable level, whereas in reality, at 6 am the noise was intolerable. Holding patterns formed right above the house. This distressed Mr Farley as he often spent early mornings in his garden.  The trial judge held that Mr Farley had paid no more than someone who knew of the noise, so there was no financial loss, but awarded £10,000 for distress and discomfort.  The Court of Appeal agreed with the defendant's challenge to this ruling, stating that no damages could be awarded for mere inconvenience, and physical discomfort was required to justify damages.[1]  The House of Lords restored the trial judge’s award, because not being put at such inconvenience was an important term.  Lord Scott held that if Mr Farley had known about the aircraft noise he would not have bought the property. He could either claim for being deprived of the contractual benefit (Ruxley Electronics Ltd v Forsyth), or he could claim as having consequential loss on breach of contract (Watts v Morrow). He added that if there had been an appreciable reduction in the house’s market value, he could not recover both, which would have been double recovery. Although £10,000 was ‘on the high side’, the value was within the right range.  ‘If the cause is no more than disappointment that the contractual obligation has been broken, damages are not recoverable even if the disappointment has led to a complete mental breakdown. But, if the cause of the inconvenience or discomfort is a sensory (sight, touch, hearing, smell, taste) experience, damages can, subject to the remoteness rules, be recovered.’  Referring to the departure of this case from "an ordinary surveyor's contract", Lord Clyde said it was 'the specific provision relating to peacefulness of the property in respect of the aircraft noise which makes the present case out of the ordinary'.[2] The predominant object test was dispensed with, so it was enough that the term broken was known by both parties to have been important (it did not matter whether the purpose of the contract was to provide peace of mind). So it seems surveyors will not ordinarily be liable when a house is defective and causes distress. "
The Pool (2018 film);" The Pool (Thai: นรก 6 เมตร) is a 2018 Thai survival thriller film directed by Ping Lumpraploeng, starring Theeradej Wongpuapan and Ratnamon Ratchiratham. The film revolves around a couple who is trapped in a 6 meter deep pool after the water is drained out. Their situation worsens when a crocodile enters the pool with them. It received positive reviews.[2][3]  The film opens with Day laying in a drained pool with several injuries to his body. He looks down and screams as a crocodile bites down on his leg.   In a flashback, Day is working on a photoshoot in the same pool as in the opening, now full of water. His girlfriend Koi and his dog Lucky wait for him to finish.   The following morning, Day clears the pool of the props used for the photoshoot and relaxes on an inflatable raft, Lucky is tied to a leash nearby. He is advised by his boss that the pool is being drained, so he will need to get out soon. Day ends up falling asleep, and by the time he wakes up, the water level is too low for him to get out. He attempts to climb out, only to severely injure the nail of his right index finger. He screams for help, but no one is around to hear him.  The next day, while Day is asleep on the raft, Koi shows up to surprise him. Not noticing the lowered water level, she prepares to jump off the diving board. Day awakens and shouts for her not to jump, startling her and causing her to slip and fall into the pool, hitting her head on the diving board on the way down. Day pulls her onto the raft and tends to her while she is unconscious. That night a crocodile appears and crawls towards Lucky but slips on some metal poles by the side of the pool and falls in.  By the morning, the water has completely drained. Day discovers a positive pregnancy test in Koi's pocket and must fend off attacks from the crocodile, revealed to be a pregnant female when it lays a brood of eggs the following night.   Day and Koi fight against hunger, the heat, and a ferocious mother crocodile in order to survive.  The review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes offers as "Fresh" a score of 96% from 23 critics, and a rating average of 7.23 out of 10.[4]  This article related to Thai film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. September 26, 2018 (2018-09-26)[1] Theeradej Wongpuapan as Day Ratnamon Ratchiratham as Koi"
Ousmane Bangoura;" Ousmane Bangoura (born 1 December 1979) is a retired Guinean football striker. He last played for Shenyang Ginde in 2006.  While playing a league match on 7 July 2006, the 26-year-old Ginde striker suffered a ruptured eyeball after being caught in the face by Qingdao's Lyu Gang (Chinese:呂剛). It happened while he was trying to head the ball and his opponent tried to kick it away. This resulted in the opponent's studs catching Bangoura in the eye. Lu Gang was only punished with a yellow card.  On 10 August 2006 it was reported that Bangoura's eye was saved, but he was blinded in that eye. At the moment he can only sense light but it is thought that the situation may improve over the coming months.  A compensation package has been agreed that will see him receive his wages in full and an insurance payout of US$12,550, he will also receive US$100,000 of donations collected from Chinese league managers and players.[1]  Bangoura was then released by Ginde thus retired from professional football. He once sued Ginde for a concealment over his injury condition and conflict of compensation to FIFA but without response. He is now a youth coach of French club Niort.[2]      This biographical article related to Guinean football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
1992–93 Rugby Union County Championship;" The 1992–93 ADT Security Systems Rugby Union County Championship was the 93rd edition of England's County Championship rugby union club competition.[1][2]  Lancashire won their 16th title after defeating Yorkshire in the final.[3][4]  The Championship was now so far behind the Courage League in terms of priorities that a decision was made to make the following season's edition only eligible to players from teams outside the top two divisions of the Courage League.[4]    English rugby union system Rugby union in England"
Minami-Wakamatsu Station;" Minami-Wakamatsu Station (南若松駅, Minami-Wakamatsu-eki) is a railway station on the Aizu Railway Aizu Line in the city of Aizuwakamatsu, Fukushima Prefecture, Japan, operated by the Aizu Railway..  Minami-Wakamatsu Station is served by the Aizu Line, and is located 3.0 rail kilometers from the official starting point of the line at Nishi-Wakamatsu Station.  Minami-Wakamatsu Station has one single side platform serving a single bi-directional track. The station is unattended.  Minami-Wakamatsu Station opened on August 10, 1995.    This Fukushima Prefecture railroad station-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Monden Post Office Aizu Railway Station information (in Japanese) v t e Aizu-Wakamatsu Nanukamachi Nishi-Wakamatsu Minami-Wakamatsu Monden Amaya Ashinomaki-Onsen Ōkawadamukōen Ashinomaki-Onsen-Minami Yunokami-Onsen Tō-no-Hetsuri Yagoshima Aizu-Shimogō Furusato-Kōen Yōson-Kōen Aizu-Nagano Tajimakōkōmae Aizu-Tajima Nakaarai Aizu-Arakai Aizu-Sanson-Dōjō Nanatsugatake-Tozanguchi Aizukōgen-Ozeguchi v t e"
Songgyungwan;" The Songgyungwan was the highest educational institution established in Korea during the Koryo and Choson Dynasties. It opened in 992. The institution consists of the Taesong Temple, Myongnyun Hall and 20 other buildings, including one of the largest wooden buildings to still exist in the DPRK.[1]  Songgyungwan is located two kilometers to the northeast of the center of the city of Kaesong. Since 1987, it has housed the Koryo Museum.[2]  Songgyungwan was originally a palace outbuilding called known as "Taemyon". The institution was built by King Munjong, the eleventh king of Koryo and was designated as the principal teaching institute in 1089. The facility was given the name Songgyungwan in 1308. It was destroyed by fire in 1592 during the Imchin War. The institution's twenty buildings date from its reconstruction, which started in 1602, they comply with the characteristics required of a Confucian educational establishment of the period.[2]  It taught Confucianism and developed students' ability to handle political and other "practical affairs".[1] Songgyungwan prepared young aristocratic men for the civil service and was the center of Confucian studies in the dynasty.[3] The institution had the particular responsibility of educating the Crown Prince who, on being invested with that title, underwent the state ceremony of iphak (입학) or commencement of learning at the Songgyungwan in accordance with the code of the Iphakrye (입학례) as stipulated in the Kukcho oryeui (국조오례의 "Book on the Five Rites of the State").[4] The school remained the national seat of learning until the capital was moved to Hansǒng under the Choson Dynasty, where the current Sungkyunkwan University became the new national university.[5]  Chong Mong-ju passed his civil service examinations at the age of 23 and became an instructor of Neo-Confucianism at the Songgyungwan Academy in 1367.[6]  The old buildings are not well-suited to the role of a museum, as they lack proper conditions for the conservation and presentation of works of art, and are ill-suited for the reception of visitors.[2]    Coordinates: 37°59′31.2″N 126°34′14.6″E﻿ / ﻿37.992000°N 126.570722°E﻿ / 37.992000, 126.570722 "
Science and technology in France;" Science and technology in France has a long history dating back to the Académie des Sciences, founded by Louis XIV in 1666, at the suggestion of Jean-Baptiste Colbert, to encourage and protect the spirit of French scientific research. France's achievements in science and technology have been significant throughout the past centuries as France's economic growth and industrialisation process was slow and steady along the 18th and 19th centuries. Research and development efforts form an integral part of the country's economy.  Scientific research in the country is supported by industry, by the network of French universities and by higher education establishments outside the main framework, Grandes écoles.  France was ranked 12th in the Global Innovation Index in 2022, up from 16th in 2019.[1][2][3][4]  The tradition of scientific research in France can be traced back to the Scientific Revolution. France is home to some of the world's oldest universities (Montpellier, Paris) although they were, at the time of their foundation, more centered on philosophy, theology and law than on science.  Radioactivity was discovered by Henri Becquerel in 1896. The theoretical foundations and mathematical framework of special relativity were laid by Henri Poincaré, before Albert Einstein used them in 1905 and later.  The conservation of mass law was discovered by Antoine Lavoisier[5] in 18th century France.  The Cartesian Coordinate System was discovered by René Descartes in 1637 (and independently by Pierre de Fermat at the same period). The first calculator by Blaise Pascal (Pascaline) was made in 1642.[6] (see also Adding machine) Probability theory was developed by Pierre de Fermat and Blaise Pascal in the seventeenth century (with Gerolamo Cardano and Christiaan Huygens).[7]  France is home to 11 Fields Medalists, second only to the United States in number of Fields Medalists. The fictitious mathematician Nicolas Bourbaki's "association of collaborators" is based at École Normale Supérieure in France.   France carried out its first test of an atomic bomb in Algeria in 1960[8] and some operational French nuclear weapons became available in 1964. Then, France executed its first test of the much more powerful hydrogen bomb over its South Pacific Ocean test range in 1968, this first hydrogen bomb was dropped from a strategic bomber. France was the fourth de facto nuclear power after United States, Soviet Union and United Kingdom.  In 1965, France was the third nation, after the former USSR and the United States, to launch its own space satellite. The French no longer launch their own satellites, however, preferring instead to contribute to the European Space Agency.  École Normale Supérieure École normale supérieure Paris-Saclay École Normale Supérieure de Lyon France portal Science portal Technology portal List of French scientists Open access in France Robert Gilpin. 1968. France in the Age of the Scientific State. Princeton University Press."
Josip Pavčič;" Josip Pavčič (Velike Lašče 18 July 1870 - Ljubljana 24 September 1949) was a Slovenian composer and organist.[1] He was popular with choral societies, and for his art songs.  His father was a teacher, organist, composer and conductor. After finishing high school in Kranj,  Pavčič went to Ljubljana where he studied with Anton Nedvĕdu, then training at the Vienna Conservatory.  His songs are mostly miniatures in late romantic style either for piano and choir, or soloist. The cycle Ciciban to poems of Oton Župančič remain most popular.  Editions  Recordings      This article about a Slovenian composer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Samospevi za visoki glas - songs for soprano. Samospevi za srednji glas - songs for tenor. Dedek samonog (Grandpa One-Leg) Bernarda Fink."
List of bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Oregon;"   This is a list of bridges and tunnels on the National Register of Historic Places in the U.S. state of Oregon.  It includes a number of viaducts which are considered bridges.  A list of bridges, tunnels, and viaducts of the Historic Columbia River Highway is included.  Gray shading indicates that a structure has been removed from the Register. Often the road listed in the "location" column now parallels the bridge on a new one, and the old bridge is closed to traffic.  These are contributing structures in the Historic Columbia River Highway, which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983, and was further designated a National Historic Landmark District in 2000.[2]   Media related to Bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Oregon at Wikimedia Commons  List of Oregon covered bridges List of bridges in the United States "Oregon National Register List" (PDF). Oregon Parks and Recreation Department. June 6, 2011. Retrieved June 18, 2011. (does not include places no longer listed) Oregon National Register List, November 10, 2005. Retrieved June 18, 2011 (includes listed dates of removed places)"
Timeline of Sarajevo;"   The following is a timeline of the history of the city of Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.  This article incorporates information from the German Wikipedia and Serbian Wikipedia.  Coordinates: 43°50′51″N 18°21′23″E﻿ / ﻿43.8476°N 18.3564°E﻿ / 43.8476, 18.3564  v t e 1457 - Emperor's Mosque built. 1463 - Settlements begin in Sarajevo. 1521 - Gazi Husrev-beg becomes sanjak-bey of Ottoman Bosnian Sanjak.[1] 1530 - Gazi Husrev-beg Mosque built.[1] 1531 - Madrasah of Sarajevo established. 1561 - Ali Pasha's Mosque built. 1697 - September: City sacked by Austrian forces.[2] 1703 - Seat of Ottoman Bosnia Eyalet relocated from Sarajevo to Travnik. 1730 - Serbian Orthodox church rebuilt.[2] 1739 - Fortress restored.[2] 1766 - Magribija rebuilt.[2] 1788 - Fire.[2] 1791 - November: Flood. 1797 - Fire.[2] 1798 - Latin Bridge rebuilt.[citation needed] 1813 - Plague.[2] 1850 - Seat of Ottoman Bosnia Eyalet relocated to Sarajevo from Travnik.[2][3] 1851 - Population: 21,102.[2] 1867 - City becomes capital of the Ottoman Bosnia Vilayet. 1868 - Serb Orthodox Cathedral built. 1869 - Orphanage founded.[3] 1878 - City becomes part the Condominium of Bosnia and Herzegovina of Austria-Hungary.[1][3] 1879 - Fire.[2] 1885 - Population: 26,377.[2] 1888 - National Museum established.[4] 1889 - Sacred Heart Cathedral built. 1893 - Mehmed-beg Kapetanović Ljubušak becomes mayor. 1894 - National Museum buys Sephardic Haggadah for its collection. 1895 - Population: 37,713.[3] 1896 - Town Hall[4] and National Library built.[5] 1902 - Sarajevo Synagogue built. 1906 - Novibazar-Sarajevo railway begins operating.[3] 1910 - Population: 51,919.[2] 1912 - Kino Apolo (cinema) opens.[6] 1913 - National Museum built.[4] 1914 28 June: Assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria.[7] 28–29 June: Anti-Serb pogrom in Sarajevo. 28 June: Assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria.[7] 28–29 June: Anti-Serb pogrom in Sarajevo. 1915 - Kino Imperijal (cinema) opens.[6] 1918 - City becomes part of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes.[2] 1921 - Population: 60,087.[2] 1923 - Sarajevo Philharmonic Orchestra active. 1929 - City becomes seat of the Drina Banovina (province) of Yugoslavia.[2] 1930 - Art gallery established.[4] 1935 - Kino Tesla (cinema) opens.[6] 1941 - German occupation begins.[8] 1943 - Oslobođenje newspaper begins publication.[9][10] 1945 April: German occupation ends.[8] State School of Painting, and Association of Artists of Bosnia and Herzegovina established.[4] April: German occupation ends.[8] State School of Painting, and Association of Artists of Bosnia and Herzegovina established.[4] 1949 - University of Sarajevo and Museum of Sarajevo[4] established. 1950 - Oriental Institute in Sarajevo established.[11] 1953 - Population: 135,657.[12] 1961 - Population: 213,092.[2] 1969 - Skenderija (event centre) built. 1962 - June: Earthquake.[13] 1972 - Academy of Arts opens.[4] 1977 - Faculty of Islamic Theology established.[2] 1981 Academy of Performing Arts in Sarajevo established. Vraca Memorial Park opens. Emerik Blum becomes mayor. Population: 319,017.[14] Academy of Performing Arts in Sarajevo established. Vraca Memorial Park opens. Emerik Blum becomes mayor. Population: 319,017.[14] 1984 February: 1984 Winter Olympics. Sarajevo Winter Festival begins. February: 1984 Winter Olympics. Sarajevo Winter Festival begins. 1991 - Population: 361,735, canton 527,049. 1992 5 April: Siege of Sarajevo begins. 2–3 May: 1992 Yugoslav People's Army column incident in Sarajevo. 17 May: Oriental Institute in Sarajevo destroyed.[15] Sarajevo War Theatre opens. 5 April: Siege of Sarajevo begins. 2–3 May: 1992 Yugoslav People's Army column incident in Sarajevo. 17 May: Oriental Institute in Sarajevo destroyed.[15] Sarajevo War Theatre opens. BH Dani magazine begins publication. 1995 Canton of Sarajevo established per Dayton Agreement. Dnevni avaz newspaper in publication. Sarajevo Film Festival begins. Mediacentar Sarajevo founded.[16] Canton of Sarajevo established per Dayton Agreement. Dnevni avaz newspaper in publication. Sarajevo Film Festival begins. Mediacentar Sarajevo founded.[16] 1996 - 29 February: Siege of Sarajevo ends. 1997 - Sarajevo Jazz Festival begins. 2000 - King Fahd Mosque inaugurated. 2001 - Istiqlal Mosque and Bosniak Institute[11] established. 2002 - Population: 401,118.[17] 2004 Center for Investigative Reporting headquartered in city. Baitus Salam (mosque) built. Center for Investigative Reporting headquartered in city. Baitus Salam (mosque) built. 2005 Semiha Borovac becomes mayor. East West Theatre Company founded. Semiha Borovac becomes mayor. East West Theatre Company founded. 2008 Avaz Twist Tower built. Sarajevo City Center (commercial space) construction begins. Avaz Twist Tower built. Sarajevo City Center (commercial space) construction begins. 2009 Alija Behmen becomes mayor. BBI Centar shopping mall in business. Alija Behmen becomes mayor. BBI Centar shopping mall in business. 2013 Ivo Komšić becomes mayor. Population: 369,534, metro 515,012. Ivo Komšić becomes mayor. Population: 369,534, metro 515,012. 2014 - Gazi Husrev-Begova Library [bs] opens.[11] 2014 April 2014: Sarajevo City Center opened early April 2014: Miljacka River almost flooded the city 9 May: Sarajevo National Library reopens. April 2014: Sarajevo City Center opened early April 2014: Miljacka River almost flooded the city 9 May: Sarajevo National Library reopens. 2017 6 February: Abdulah Skaka becomes mayor. 6 February: Abdulah Skaka becomes mayor. 2019 Summer 2019 - Sarajevo flooded by high amount of rain due to overwhelming humidity climate. November 2019 - Sarajevo faced 3 aftershocks of an Earthquake with its epicenter in Nevesinje, it is referred to as the Durrës Earthquake. Summer 2019 - Sarajevo flooded by high amount of rain due to overwhelming humidity climate. November 2019 - Sarajevo faced 3 aftershocks of an Earthquake with its epicenter in Nevesinje, it is referred to as the Durrës Earthquake. 2020 January 2020 - Sarajevo faces a dangerous air pollution similar to most Chinese urban cities March 2020 - COVID-19 impacts the education and movement in Sarajevo. 22 March 2020 - A weak aftershock occurred exactly at 6:25 AM (CET) from an earthquake in Zagreb. 29 December 2020 - Another weak aftershock occurred at 12:20 PM (CET) from an earthquake in Petrinja. January 2020 - Sarajevo faces a dangerous air pollution similar to most Chinese urban cities March 2020 - COVID-19 impacts the education and movement in Sarajevo. 22 March 2020 - A weak aftershock occurred exactly at 6:25 AM (CET) from an earthquake in Zagreb. 29 December 2020 - Another weak aftershock occurred at 12:20 PM (CET) from an earthquake in Petrinja. 2021 8 April: Benjamina Karić becomes mayor. 8 April: Benjamina Karić becomes mayor. List of mayors of Sarajevo since 1878 Other names of Sarajevo"
El Piedrero;" El Piedrero was a non-delimited territory of Ecuador situated between the provinces of Guayas and Cañar.[1][2] It was incorporated into the Guayas Province by the decree issued by President Rafael Correa in 2017.[3]  Coordinates: 2°20′S 79°17′W﻿ / ﻿2.333°S 79.283°W﻿ / -2.333, -79.283    This Ecuador location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Electoral results for the district of Hinchinbrook;"  This is a list of electoral results for the electoral district of Hinchinbrook in Queensland state elections. "
Lichoca;" Lichoca [liˈxɔt͡sa] is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.[1]      This Myślibórz County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
2000 in Spanish television;" This is a list of Spanish television related events in 2000.  … 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 … Art Archaeology Architecture Literature Music Philosophy Science +... 23 April: Telecinco premieres Big Brother, a true mass phenomenon, which will open a debate on the ethical limits of television. Reality shows will become the most viewed TV shows for the next two decades.[1] 12 May: Javier González Ferrari is appointed General Director of RTVE.[2] La 1 Telediario (1957- ) Estudio estadio (1972-2005) Informe Semanal (1973- ) Parlamento (1978-2014) Telepasión española (1990- ) Corazón, Corazón (1993-2010)  Cartelera  (1994-2009)  Los Desayunos de TVE (1994-2020)  Cine de barrio  (1995- )  Mitomanía  (1995-2001)  El Grand Prix del verano  (1995-2005)  Gente  (1995-2011)  Corazón  (1997- )  Música sí  (1997-2004)  Saber vivir  (1997-2009) Todo en familia (1999-2001) TPH Club (1999-2003) Noche de fiesta (1999-2004) Telediario (1957- ) Estudio estadio (1972-2005) Informe Semanal (1973- ) Parlamento (1978-2014) Telepasión española (1990- ) Corazón, Corazón (1993-2010)  Cartelera  (1994-2009)  Los Desayunos de TVE (1994-2020)  Cine de barrio  (1995- )  Mitomanía  (1995-2001)  El Grand Prix del verano  (1995-2005)  Gente  (1995-2011)  Corazón  (1997- )  Música sí  (1997-2004)  Saber vivir  (1997-2009) Todo en familia (1999-2001) TPH Club (1999-2003) Noche de fiesta (1999-2004) La 2 Al filo de lo imposble (1982- ) Pueblo de Dios (1982- ) Últimas preguntas (1983-  ) En portada (1984- ) Estadio 2 (1984-2007) Metrópolis  (1985- ) Documentos TV (1986- ) Tendido cero (1986- ) Días de cine (1991- ) Línea 900 (1991-2007) La Aventura del saber (1992- ) Jara y sedal (1992- ) Zona ACB  (1993-2010)  Bricomanía (1994-2004)  La 2 noticias  (1994-2020)  La noche temática, (1995- )  ¡Qué grande es el cine!  (1995-2005)  Redes  (1996-2013)  Agrosfera  (1997- )  El escarabajo verde (1997- )  Saber y ganar  (1997- )  América total   (1997-2004)  A su salud  (1997-2004)  Negro sobre blanco  (1997-2004)  Noche abierta, La  (1997-2004)  El Tercer grado  (1997-2004)  La Botica de la abuela  (1997-2006)  En otras palabras  (1997-2008) La Mandrágora (1997-2009) El Cine de La 2 (1998- )  Versión española  (1998- )  Al habla  (1998-2004) Escuela del deporte (1999-2005) Al filo de lo imposble (1982- ) Pueblo de Dios (1982- ) Últimas preguntas (1983-  ) En portada (1984- ) Estadio 2 (1984-2007) Metrópolis  (1985- ) Documentos TV (1986- ) Tendido cero (1986- ) Días de cine (1991- ) Línea 900 (1991-2007) La Aventura del saber (1992- ) Jara y sedal (1992- ) Zona ACB  (1993-2010)  Bricomanía (1994-2004)  La 2 noticias  (1994-2020)  La noche temática, (1995- )  ¡Qué grande es el cine!  (1995-2005)  Redes  (1996-2013)  Agrosfera  (1997- )  El escarabajo verde (1997- )  Saber y ganar  (1997- )  América total   (1997-2004)  A su salud  (1997-2004)  Negro sobre blanco  (1997-2004)  Noche abierta, La  (1997-2004)  El Tercer grado  (1997-2004)  La Botica de la abuela  (1997-2006)  En otras palabras  (1997-2008) La Mandrágora (1997-2009) El Cine de La 2 (1998- )  Versión española  (1998- )  Al habla  (1998-2004) Escuela del deporte (1999-2005) Antena 3 Antena 3 Noticias (1990- ) Telemaratón  (1993-2001)  En buenas manos  (1994-2005)  Lluvia de estrellas  (1995-2001)  Club Megatrix  (1995-2013)  Espejo público  (1996- ) La Parodia nacional (1996-2001)  Menudas estrellas  (1996-2002)  El Primer café (1996-2003)  Furor  (1998-2001)  Manos a la obra  (1998-2001) Compañeros  (1998-2002)  Sabor a ti  (1998-2004)  Noche de impacto  (1998-2005)  Mírame (1999-2001)  Desesperado Club Social (1999-2002)  Trato hecho (1999-2002)  Como la vida (1999-2004)  El club de la comedia (1999-2005) Antena 3 Noticias (1990- ) Telemaratón  (1993-2001)  En buenas manos  (1994-2005)  Lluvia de estrellas  (1995-2001)  Club Megatrix  (1995-2013)  Espejo público  (1996- ) La Parodia nacional (1996-2001)  Menudas estrellas  (1996-2002)  El Primer café (1996-2003)  Furor  (1998-2001)  Manos a la obra  (1998-2001) Compañeros  (1998-2002)  Sabor a ti  (1998-2004)  Noche de impacto  (1998-2005)  Mírame (1999-2001)  Desesperado Club Social (1999-2002)  Trato hecho (1999-2002)  Como la vida (1999-2004)  El club de la comedia (1999-2005)  Telecinco Informativos Telecinco (1990- )  Día a día  (1996-2004)  Caiga quien caiga  (1996-2008)  Moros y cristianos (1997-2001)  Al salir de clase  (1997-2002)  Crónicas marcianas  (1997-2005)  El Juego del euromillón  (1998-2001)  El Informal (1998-2002)  Periodistas  (1998-2002)  La Mirada crítica (1998-2009)  La Gran ilusión (1999-2002) ¿Quiere ser millonario? (1999-2004)  7 vidas (1999-2006)  El comisario (1999-2009)  Nosolomúsica (1999-2012) Informativos Telecinco (1990- )  Día a día  (1996-2004)  Caiga quien caiga  (1996-2008)  Moros y cristianos (1997-2001)  Al salir de clase  (1997-2002)  Crónicas marcianas  (1997-2005)  El Juego del euromillón  (1998-2001)  El Informal (1998-2002)  Periodistas  (1998-2002)  La Mirada crítica (1998-2009)  La Gran ilusión (1999-2002) ¿Quiere ser millonario? (1999-2004)  7 vidas (1999-2006)  El comisario (1999-2009)  Nosolomúsica (1999-2012) Canal+ El día después (1990-2005) Redacción (1990-2005) Lo + plus (1995-2005) Las noticias del guiñol (1995-2005) Magacine (1996-2005) El día después (1990-2005) Redacción (1990-2005) Lo + plus (1995-2005) Las noticias del guiñol (1995-2005) Magacine (1996-2005) La 1 Barrio Sésamo (1979-2000) ¿Qué apostamos? (1993-2000)  Calle nueva  (1997-2000)  Peque Prix  (1998-2000) Barrio Sésamo (1979-2000) ¿Qué apostamos? (1993-2000)  Calle nueva  (1997-2000)  Peque Prix  (1998-2000) La 2  Un País en la mochila (1995-2000)  Empléate a fondo  (1996-2000)  Quatro  (1997-2000)  Lo tuyo es puro teatro  (1998-2000)  Un País en la mochila (1995-2000)  Empléate a fondo  (1996-2000)  Quatro  (1997-2000)  Lo tuyo es puro teatro  (1998-2000) Antena 3 La casa de los líos  (1996-2000)  Alta tensión  (1998-2000) Nada es para siempre  (1998-2000) El cronómetro (1999-2000) El tiempo pasa, corazón (1999-2000) Ver para creer (1999-2000) La casa de los líos  (1996-2000)  Alta tensión  (1998-2000) Nada es para siempre  (1998-2000) El cronómetro (1999-2000) El tiempo pasa, corazón (1999-2000) Ver para creer (1999-2000) Telecinco Mediterráneo (1999-2000) Mediterráneo (1999-2000) 19 March - Carlota García, actress. 28 April - Miguel Armario, actor, 84. 24 May - Arturo López, actor, 66. 5 July - Blanca Álvarez, hostess, 70. 7 July - Felipe Mellizo, journalist, 67. 16 October - Antonio Ferrandis, actor, 79. 26 October - Jesús Puente, actor and host, 69. 2000 in Spain List of Spanish films of 2000"
Hugues Alexandre Joseph Meunier;"   Hugues Alexandre Joseph Meunier (23 November 1758[1] or 1751[2] – 9 December 1831) was a French Army general during the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars.  Born in Mont-Louis to the mercenary general Hugues Meunier, he became a cadet in the Lyonnais Regiment on 30 June 1768, aged nine, with the rank of sub-lieutenant. He was promoted to lieutenant in 1774 and captain in 1782, both in the same regiment. He fought in the naval campaigns of 1779 to 1783 under the command of Charles-Gustave de Falkenhayn, including service at the sieges of Mahon and Gibraltar. He was made a chevalier de Saint-Louis for long service in 1791 and lieutenant-colonel of the 34th Line Infantry Regiment on 5 February 1792. He thus served in the Army of the North under generals Gilbert du Motier de La Fayette and Charles-François Dumouriez, commanding the 1st Grenadier Battalion in its reserves from 1 August to 15 September 1792. In that role he converged to guarantee the armée du Grand-Pré's safe retreat to Sainte-Menehould, bringing in all the position's artillery under enemy fire and beat off several Prussian attacks at the entrance to Senuc wood. However, in taking his battalion and a squadron under Chamborand in to support, he was attacked by seven enemy squadrons protected by light artillery and was badly wounded in the arm by a sabre.  Wishing to reward his services, the commander in chief made him a colonel on the field of battle, ranking in his regiment from 24th of the previous month, the date at which a vacancy had appeared at the rank of colonel. Pierre Riel de Beurnonville, then a general and minister for war, also showed the government's appreciation by sending him a fully equipped horse. After recovering from his wounds, Meunier returned to the Army of the North, in which he now acted as a brigadier general. He was commanded to man the defence lines at Pont-à-Marcq and Mons-en-Pévèle and given a force of 8,000 men to do so. Next he commanded the citadel at Lille when that city was threatened by the enemy – he organised eight newly raised battalions, then (as a result of recruiting) moved to the Vendée to command 1st Battalion of the 34th Line Infantry Regiment. There he fought against the Quiberon Expedition and was made a brigadier general by the commander in chief Lazare Hoche on the field of battle on 16 July 1795 – this rank was confirmed on 23 August.  Later in 1795 he was put in command of one of the divisions of the Army of the Coasts of Brest, later known as the Army of the Coasts of the Ocean. Soon Hoche, Louis Thomas Villaret de Joyeuse and Laurent Truguet put him in command of a planned expedition to capture the Cape of Good Hope, though this never came to fruition. Hoche then ordered Meunier to raise 17,000 men as the second half of the planned Expédition d'Irlande and put Meunier in command of them. Hoche and his invasion force set off for Ireland on 15 December 1796 but when it reached the open sea the frigate carrying the general was separated from the main force by a storm and the other ships dispersed and headed back to Brest.  In September 1797 Meunier was assigned to the armée d'Angleterre for a planned invasion of the United Kingdom – its commander was Napoleon Bonaparte. On 13 April 1798 he was put on the military committee and on 16 October 1798 was made head of the Dépôt de la Guerre. On 2 December 1799 he took command of Finistère, which he had already exercised. He actively put Brest on a war footing, sending a memo on the topic to Napoleon (now First Consul). The commander-in-chief Guillaume Marie-Anne Brune praised Meunier in a report to the government. His successor in that role was general Frédéric-Christophe Houdelot – at the time of the handover, they both led the operation which forced Georges Cadoudal to surrender.  In year X (1801–1802) Meunier moved to 12th Military Division. He was made a member of the Légion d'honneur on 11 December 1803 and a commander in the same order on 14 June 1804. On 29 April he was made a member of the commission set up to write a military code, but this was dissolved before completing its work. Meunier had been attached to the section charged with editing the ordnance on infantry manoeuvres – he completed the work and presented it to the government.  In 1806 he was made part of the Grande Armée, coming to Paris to wait for orders on 21 September 1807. He was retired on 23 November 1807 and succeeded Régis Barthélemy Mouton-Duvernet as inspector of several line infantry and artillery regiments on 26 December 1807. He was granted lands in Westphalia and the title of baron de l'Empire by Napoleon on 19 March 1808, who on that date also made him inspector of the infantry in the 21st Military Division on 30 April and later commander of the Méditerranée department in Tuscany.  Meunier briefly retired for health reasons on 14 October 1809 but otherwise remained in his position until 21 June 1810, when he was put in charge of a branch of the Hôtel des Invalides in Louvain. From 1 July 1812 to 30 July 1814 he was in charge of the École militaire de Saint-Cyr. On 10 August 1814 he was promoted to lieutenant general, on 16 August 1814 he was made a chevalier de Saint-Louis and on 22 September 1814 commander of the Vienne department (12th Military Division). He commanded it until 17 February 1815. A decree of 30 March 1815 made him commander of the École militaire de La Flèche and he finally retired on 1 August that year. He died at Poitiers in 1831.  (in French) Évolutions par brigades, ou Instruction servant de développement aux manœuvres de ligne indiquées dans les règlements. Ouvrage dédié au Duc de Berri, Paris, 1814, in-8°, avec 16 planches."
List of Ben & Holly's Little Kingdom episodes;"   Ben & Holly's Little Kingdom is a British preschool animated television series.[1] The show was created by Neville Astley and Mark Baker, and produced by Astley Baker Davies and Entertainment One (the companies responsible for Peppa Pig).[2] The series first aired on 6 April 2009, and aired its last episode on 24 December 2013. A total of 104 episodes were produced.  A gang of squirrels appears at the Great Elf Tree determined to store acorns inside, but the Wise Old Elf has other ideas.  Nanny Plum is very impressed when the Elf Rescue Service rescues her, Ben, Holly, Gaston and Redbeard from the lake, and ends up making false emergencies, much to the Wise Old Elf's anger and annoyance. But soon, both Nanny Plum and the Wise Old Elf get stuck in the mud, and need help from Children Rescue!  Ben and Holly and their friends learn how to take care of ants at Miss Jolly's club. "
The Folks from Mother's Mixer;" The Folks from Mother’s Mixer is a compilation of tracks recorded in the early 1970s by the band Black Merda. It was released by Tuff City Records in 2005[1] and collects all the tracks from the band’s two original albums, Black Merda (1970) and Long Burn the Fire (1972).[2]  Note: Tracks 1-11 are from the album Black Merda and tracks 12-19 are from the album Long Burn the Fire.  Acid rock psychedelic soul funk rock blues rock "Prophet" – 2:52 "Think of Me" – 2:31 "Cynthy-Ruth" – 3:03 "Over and Over" – 5:29 "Ashamed" – 3:50 "Reality" – 1:59 "Windsong" – 4:12 "Good Luck" – 3:45 "That’s the Way It Goes" – 3:15 "I Don’t Want to Die" – 3:51 "Set Me Free" – 0:28 "For You" – 4:38 "The Folks from Mother’s Mixer" – 4:09 "My Mistake" – 5:25 "Lying" – 4:25 "Long Burn the Fire" – 3:21 "Sometimes I Wish" – 3:45 "I Got a Woman" – 4:53 "We Made Up" – 3:41 Anthony Hawkins – guitar, vocals VC L. Veasey – bass, vocals Charles Hawkins – guitar, vocals Tyrone Hite – drums, vocals (tracks 1-11) Bob Crowder – drums (tracks 12-19)"
Mezzoforte (band);" Mezzoforte is an instrumental jazz-funk fusion band from Iceland, formed in 1977.[1]  They signed a record deal with Icelandic label Steinar.[1] Their biggest hit single was "Garden Party" (1983), taken from their fourth album (second international release) Surprise Surprise.[1] It peaked at number 17 in the UK Singles Chart. The solo that takes place two minutes into "Garden Party", was created and played on the flugelhorn by English trumpeter, Stephen Dawson.[2] "Garden Party" was later covered by Herb Alpert, at a slower speed than the original, apparently as he had learned the track from the single played at the wrong speed.[1] Another single, "Rockall" spent one week at number 75 in the same listing in June that year, and was used as a signature tune by several European radio chart shows.[1][2]  The band was named after the traditional musical term mezzo forte, an instruction to play literally "moderately loud".  Original line-up from 1977:  Other members, present and past:  Eyþór Gunnarsson – keyboards Jóhann Ásmundsson – bass Gunnlaugur Briem-Gulli Briem (Gulli) – drums Friðrik Karlsson (Frissi) – guitars Bruno Müller – guitars (2005–present) Sebastian Studnitzky – trumpet & keyboards (2005–present) Thomas Dyani – percussion (2004–present) Jonas Wall – saxophones (2013–present) Ari Bragi Karason – trumpet Staffan William-Olsson – guitars (2003–2004) Joel Palsson – saxophones (2003) Guðmundur Pétursson – guitars (2003) Óskar Guðjónsson – saxophones (1996–2003, 2005–2013) Kåre Kolve – saxophones (1991–1994) Björn Thorarensen – synthesizers (1980–1982) Kristinn Svavarsson – saxophones (1982–1985) David O'Higgins – saxophones (1985–1989, 2002–2004) Jeroen De Rijk – percussion (1984–1986) Released: November 1979 Label: Steinar Formats: LP, MC Released: November 1980 Label: Steinar Formats: LP, MC Released outside of Iceland as Mezzoforte Released: November 1981 Label: Steinar Formats: LP Released: October 1982 Label: Steinar Formats: LP, MC Released outside of Iceland as Surprise Surprise Released: December 1983 Label: Steinar Formats: CD, LP, MC Released outside of Iceland as Observations Released: November 1984 Label: Steinar Formats: CD, LP, MC Released: November 1986 Label: Steinar Formats: CD, LP, MC Released: April 1989 Label: RCA Formats: CD, LP, MC Released: November 1993 Label: Spor Formats: CD, MC Released: July 1996 Label: Spor Formats: CD, MC Released: November 2004 Label: BHM Productions Formats: CD Released: 18 October 2010 Label: Koolmusik, BHM Productions Formats: CD, digital download Released: 6 July 2012 Label: BHM Productions Formats: CD, digital download Released: September 1983 Label: Steinar Formats: LP, MC Live at the Dominion on 30 June 1983 Released: November 2008 Label: BHM Productions Formats: 2xCD Released: 2 August 2016 Label: The Store for Music Formats: digital download Released: May 1983 Label: Steinar Formats: CD, LP, MC Released: October 1985 Label: Steinar Formats: CD, LP, MC Released: 1 June 1987 Label: Polydor Formats: CD Japan-only release Released: September 1991 Label: RCA/BMG Formats: CD, LP, MC Released: 22 November 1999[11] Label: Skífan/Íslenskir Tónar Formats: 2xCD Released: 24 October 2001 Label: Skífan Formats: CD, MC Released: April 2007 Label: BHM Productions Formats: 2xCD Released: 1985 Label: Castle Hendring Formats: VHS Released: November 2008 Label: BHM Productions Formats: DVD Released: May 2013 Label: The Store for Music Formats: DVD"
Mitsu Shimojo;" Mitsu Shimojo (下条 みつ, Shimojō Mitsu, born 1955) is a Japanese politician of the Democratic Party of Japan, a member of the House of Representatives in the Diet (national legislature). A native of Matsumoto, Nagano and graduate of Shinshu University, he was elected for the first time in 2003 after an unsuccessful run in 2000.    This article about a Japanese politician born in the 1950s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. 政治家情報 〜下条 みつ〜. ザ･選挙 (in Japanese). JANJAN. Archived from the original on 2007-12-03. Retrieved 2007-10-20. {{cite web}}: External link in |work= (help) Official website in Japanese. v t e"
Euander lacertosus;"   Euander lacertosus, the strawberry bug, is a species of dirt-colored seed bug in the family Rhyparochromidae, found in Australia.[1][2]    This Pentatomomorpha article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Johannes Bäck;" Alfred Johannes Bäck (1 September 1872 - 22 March 1952) was a Finnish Lutheran clergyman and politician. He was a member of the Parliament of Finland from 1907 to 1913 and again from 1916 to 1919, representing the Swedish People's Party of Finland (SFP). He was born in Lappajärvi, and was the elder brother of Immanuel Bäck.[1]    This article about a Finnish politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This article relating to Lutheranism is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
LFG Roland D.III;" The LFG Roland D.III was a fighter aircraft produced in Germany during World War I.[1]  The D.III was a further development of the D.I fighter.[2] These machines had a fuselage that completely filled the interplane gap, a design feature intended to improve aerodynamics. However, it also resulted in limiting the pilot's field of vision in the down and forward direction, leading to complaints.[2] LFG attempted to remedy this in the D.III design by introducing a gap between the upper fuselage and the upper wing, braced by cabane struts.[1] The size of the tailplane was also increased.  While this did indeed result in an improvement over the Roland D.II that had preceded it, the performance of the D.III was inferior to that of other contemporary fighters available to the German Army, in particular those produced by Albatros, and the aircraft was therefore only produced in small quantities.[1][2]  Forward visibility, though better in the D.III than the D.I was still not good and LFG tried to improve it with another variant, the D.V. The fuselage diameter was decreased and the decking forward of the cockpit lowered exposing all of the upper parts of the engine cylinders.  Three were built, one with the Argus engine of the D.II and two with the  119 kW (160 hp) Mercedes D.III, another upright 6-cylinder engine.  The visibility was not much improved and the problem was only solved with the LFG Roland D.VII, which used a V-8 engine.[3]  General characteristics  Performance  Armament    Bulgarian Air Force Luftstreitkrafte Crew: One pilot Length: 6.84 m (22 ft 5 in) Wingspan: 8.94 m (29 ft 4 in) Height: 2.76 m (9 ft 1 in) Wing area: 19.8 m2 (213 sq ft) Empty weight: 717 kg (1,580 lb) Gross weight: 961 kg (2,119 lb) Powerplant: 1 × Argus As.III 6-cylinder inline water-cooled , 134 kW (180 hp) Maximum speed: 175 km/h (109 mph, 95 kn) Cruise speed: 156 km/h (98 mph, 85 kn) Endurance: 2 hours 30 minutes Service ceiling: 4,500 m (14,800 ft) Rate of climb: 4.5 m/s (880 ft/min) 2 × fixed, forward-firing 7.92 mm LMG 08/15 machine guns"
Ronel Blanco;" Ronel De Jesus Blanco (born August 31, 1993) is a Dominican professional baseball pitcher for the Houston Astros of Major League Baseball (MLB). He made his MLB debut in 2022.  Blanco signed with the Houston Astros as an international free agent on April 27, 2016.[1] He split the 2016 season between the DSL Astros and the GCL Astros, going a combined 7–1 with a 2.13 ERA and 59 strikeouts over 50+2⁄3 innings.[2] Blanco split the 2017 season between the Quad Cities River Bandits and the Buies Creek Astros, going a combined 6–5 with a 3.38 ERA and 79 strikeouts over 88 innings.[2] He split the 2018 season between Buies Creek and the Corpus Christi Hooks, going a combined 7–1 with a 3.65 ERA and 71 strikeouts over 56+2⁄3 innings.[2] Blanco split the 2019 season between the Tri-City ValleyCats, Corpus Christi, and the Round Rock Express, going a combined 5–2 with a 4.96 ERA and 57 strikeouts over 49 innings.[2] Blanco did not play in 2020 due to the cancellation of the Minor League Baseball season because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Blanco spent the 2021 season with the Sugar Land Skeeters.[3][4]  On April 7, 2022, the Astros selected Blanco's contract and placed him on the major league roster.  On April 9, he made his major league debut in the eighth inning against the Los Angeles Angels.  Houston Astros (2022–present) Dominican Republic portal Baseball portal Biography portal List of Major League Baseball players from the Dominican Republic"
Dąbrówka, Janów Lubelski County;" Dąbrówka [dɔmˈbrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.[1]    Coordinates: 50°49′14″N 22°13′46″E﻿ / ﻿50.82056°N 22.22944°E﻿ / 50.82056, 22.22944    This Janów Lubelski County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Cirque du Soleil discography;"   The following discography is a catalogue of the albums and singles released by the Canadian entertainment company Cirque du Soleil.  The majority of these musical works are studio recordings of compositions from the original scores of Cirque du Soleil's nouveau cirque shows.  Since the company's founding in 1984, various composers have been commissioned to write the music for Cirque du Soleil's many productions.  René Dupéré was Cirque du Soleil's first composer. Benoît Jutras, who had worked for many years as an arranger and musical director for the company, began filling the role of composer with the show Quidam (1996 World Premiere in Montreal). In 1998, Violaine Corradi was also selected by Guy Laliberté and Gilles Ste-Croix to become the third main composer for Cirque du Soleil.  Dupéré, Jutras and Corradi would eventually be followed by composers Simon Carpentier, Philippe Leduc, Danny Elfman, Maria Bonzanigo, Jean-François Coté, Berna Ceppas, Guy Dubuc and Marc Lessard, among others.  The Cirque du Soleil shows Love, Viva Elvis, and Michael Jackson: The Immortal World Tour do not have original scores, instead, their soundtracks consist of new arrangements of songs by The Beatles, Elvis Presley, and Michael Jackson, respectively.  The 1987 and the subsequent 1990 Cirque du Soleil album contain music from the company's earliest touring productions:  Le Grand Tour, La Magie Continue and Le Cirque Réinventé (We Reinvent the Circus).  Two additional tracks appeared on an "extended" edition of the CD, released March 19, 2002.  The tracks are identical to tracks 4 and 9 on the Live in Amsterdam limited edition (disc one).  This limited edition of the Saltimbanco soundtrack was distributed exclusively to staff members. It is a live recording of the show and is considered a collector's item.    A special "extended" edition of Alegría, released on June 11, 2002, additionally contains the following bonus tracks:  This limited edition of the Alegría soundtrack was distributed exclusively to staff members. It is a live recording of the show and is considered a collector's item.    With the announcement of a revamped re-imagining of Alegría show on April 25, 2018, Jean-Phi Goncalves was chosen to rework, remix, and compose newly arranged music for using the original music composed by René Dupéré. An official announcement for the release of Alegría: In a New Light soundtrack was announced by Cirque du Soleil on August 12, 2019. The album was released on August 16.  The first Mystère disc was launched as a studio album in 1994, but it only lasted two years until 1996, when composers René Dupéré and Benoit Jutras composed a new live version of the show, eliminating the studio album that is now considered a collector's item.  This limited edition of the Mystère soundtrack was distributed exclusively to staff members for the conmemoration of Mystère 25 years in 2018. It is a live recording of the show and is considered a collector's item.  Two additional tracks were recorded live in Amsterdam.  Those two tracks appear only on the "extended" edition of the CD, released February 19, 2002:  This is a compilation of songs from previous Cirque du Soleil albums, including Nouvelle Expérience, Saltimbanco, Alegría and Mystère.   This re-release contains three tracks that were not present on the original edition as standalone songs. On the original edition, "Aureus" was the intro to "Rain One", "Rubeus" was the intro to "Patzivota", and "Infinitus" was the intro to "Lubia Dobarstan".  This special edition of Varekai comes with a bonus CD and a bonus DVD.  The main CD contains the 16-track version of the studio album.  The bonus CD contains six tracks recorded live in Toronto in 2002 and two remix tracks.  The bonus DVD contains music videos, a documentary excerpt and trailers.  Live tracks:    The first Zumanity disc was launched as a promotional album in 2003, and was obtainable by purchasing the original 2003 show program. The songs on it are from the show's creation period. It is now considered a collector's item. The second album is the official album for the show, however, it is an inspired-by album based on the show's music. Most of the music is not featured in the show itself and never was.  This compilation features music from previous Cirque shows: Saltimbanco, Alegría, Mystère, Quidam, Dralion, Varekai, La Nouba and O.    Digital bonus tracks  This Special Edition includes the regular Love CD and an Audio DVD that offers higher-quality sound in several formats including DVD-Audio MLP, DTS, Dolby and PCM.  This compilation is a 25th-anniversary collection of music from 25 different Cirque du Soleil shows.[1]  CD #1 "Poetique"  CD #2 "Dynamique"    In each country, a bonus version of "Love Me Tender" was included, featuring a local singer in place of the singer from the Cirque du Soleil show.  Disc 1  Disc 2  This compilation features music from previous Cirque shows: Amaluna, Kooza, Zed, Corteo, Believe, Zaia, Ovo, Ka, Wintuk, Zumanity and Totem.   All lyrics are written by Luc Plamondon. Limited editions of previously released remixes in vinyl format (vinyl 12-inch, White Label, 33⅓ RPM) have been released by Cirque du Soleil Musique and sold in Canada and the United States.  Track list:  Track list:  Track list:  Track list:   Track list:  Track list:  Track list:  Ouverture Personages Chaise Musicale / Musical Chair Bicycles Masha Les Pingouins / The Penguin Step Tango Trapeze Charivari Ouverture Bulgares Boule 4 Tango Trapeze Cadres Fil De Fer Bicyclettes Boules 1 à 3 Les Chaises Entracte Pingouins Fanfare Méandres Boléro Bascule Fixe Ballant Baleines Havi Vahlia Suite Chinoise Éclipse L'Oiseau Azimut Sanza Grosse Femme Kumbalawé Barock Kazé Amazonia Norweg Urgence Pokinoï Saltimbanco Il Sogno Di Volare Horéré Ukundé Rideau    Adagio (Adagio) Arlequin (Juggling) Kumbalawé Saltimbanco Cantus-Mélopée Norweg Kazé Barock Adagio Amazonia Pokinoï Il Sogno Di Volare Horéré Ukundé Rideau Cloche et Présentation Rideau Kumbalawé Adagio Saltimbanco Clown Kazé / Norweg Rêve Arlequin Rave Out Tap Dance Barock Cantus-Mélopée Amazonia Démontage Trapèze La Mort Urgence Il Sogno di Volare Transfert Horéré Ukundé Alegría Vai Vedrai Kalandéro Querer Irna Taruka Jeux d'Enfants Mirko Icare Ibis Valsapena Nocturne   Cerceaux (Manipulation) Malioumba (Flying Man) Milonga Ouverture Mirko Prelude to Vai Vedrai Vai Vedrai Jeux d'Enfants 1 Jeux d'Enfants 2 Fast Track 1 Fast Track 2 Fast Track 3 Fast Track 4 Oiseaux sur la Corde La Perche 1 La Perche 2 Homme Fort Hoola Hoops La Tempête Le Feu Le Bal The Letter Prelude to Le Cube Le Cube Barres Russes Bardak 1 Bardak 2 Prelude to Contorsion Contorsion Montage du Filet Prelude to Grands Volants Grands Volants Alegría Mirko Kalandéro Querer Cerceaux Jeux d'enfants Alegría Ibis Irna / Valsapena Taruka Vai vedrai Malioumba Valsajoïa Alegría (Encore) Égypte Rumeurs Birimbau Kunya Sobé En Ville Ulysse Rondo Caravena Kalimando Ouverture/Ramsani Misha Égypte Rondo/Double Face Ulysse Dôme Kalimando Kunya Sobé En Ville/Frisco Gambade High Bar Taïko Finale Ouverture/Ramsani Misha Égypte Rondo/Double Face Ulysse Dôme Kalimando Kunya Sobé Convergence Rogue Fiesta Strike of the Net Finale Atmadja Incantation Marelle Rivage Zydeko Let Me Fall Innocence Carrousel Steel Dream Seisouso Réveil Quidam    Misère (Banquine) Enfants d'Acier (Diabolos) Ouverture Egypte Kumbalawe Suite Chinoise Querer Entracte Pokinoï Alegría Kalimando Grosse Femme Jeux d'Eau Mer Noire Tzelma Africa Remous Svecounia Nostalgie Simcha Gamelan Ephra Désert Terre Aride O Alegría [new arrangement][version] Frac's Room/Frac and Train/Frac and Giulietta Love Leaves Someone Behind Opera/Fleur's Trailer Mirko/Vai Vedrai Love Leaves Someone Behind/Chase/Factory Herv Child in His Eyes Wedding Irna Herv/Giulietta and Fleur Filet/Make-Up/Let Love Live [instrumental] Mountain of Clothes Let Love Live [instrumental] Let Love Live Once Upon A Time A Tale Porte La Nouba Distorted Liama Queens À La Lune Rêve Rouge Urban Propel Jardin Chinois Stella Errans Ombra Spiritual Spiral Miracula Aeternitatis Bamboo Ballare Ravendhi Ninkou Latora Aborigenes Jam Hinko Kamande Journey Of Man (vocals by Roxane Potvin) Overture Taiko Birth The Forest In The Beginning Youth Flying Réveil Banquine Journey Of Man (instrumental) Trip Hop Rain One Le Rêveur Vocea Moon Licht Patzivota El Péndulo Gitans Kèro Hiréyo Lubia Dobarstan Emballa Oscillum Funambul Resolution Aureus Rain One Le Rêveur Vocea Moon Licht Rubeus Patzivota El Péndulo Gitans Kèro Hiréyo Infinitus Lubia Dobarstan Emballa Oscillum Funambul Resolution Aureus Rain One Le Rêveur Vocea Moon Licht Rubeus Patzivota El Péndulo Gitans Kèro Hiréyo Infinitus Lubia Dobarstan Emballa Oscillum Funambul Resolution Célébration de l'Errance (ouverture) Trasparenza (Acrobatic Pas de Deux) Euphoria (Icarian Games) Sun Drum Fun (Body Skating) Mutationis (Handbalancing on Canes) Movimento (Georgian Dance) El Péndulo - Fenomenon "Northern Comfort Mix" Emballa - Llorca remix Rubeus—Patzivota and Moon Licht (music videos) The Making of an Angel (documentary excerpt) Varekai the Show Ad Varekai DVD Ad Cirque du Soleil Music Ad The Opener Major-Minor The Rose Boy My Erotic Lounge Mio Bello Bello Amore Entrée En Zum Wind Another Man First Taste Do It Again Water Bowl The Good Thing Tickle Tango Into Me Fugare Meditation Piece of Heaven Zum Astra Mangora En Zum Per Sempre Bello Amore Égypte Alegría Pokinoi Querer Kumbalawé Ombra Réveil Nostalgie Vocea Stella Errans Gamelan Liama Ombra – Lenny Ibizarre remix Alegría – A Man Called Adam's Magical remix A Tale – Chilluminati mix El Péndulo – Fenomenon "Northern Comfort Mix" Africa – Cottonbelly remix Nocturne – Christophe Goze remix Le Rêveur – Thievery Corporation remix Gamelan – Cantoma remix Ombra – After Life remix Africa – Banzai Republic "Equator Bound Mix" Ombra (Lenny Ibizarre remix) Alegría (A Man called Adam's Magical Mix) A Tale (Chilluminati mix) El Pendulo (Fenomenon "Northern Comfort Mix") Africa (Cottonbelly remix) Nocturne (Christophe Goze remix) Le Reveur (Thievery Corporation remix) Gamelan (Cantoma remix) Ombra (Afterlife mix) Africa (Banzai Republic "Equator Bound Mix") Emballa (Louie Vega featuring Jaffa "Album Mix") Querer (Julien Jabre remix) Kumbalawe (Roger Sanchez release mix) Aborigenes Jam (Frangois K / Eric Kupper "Vocal Mix") Pokinoi (Sasha remix) Africa (Quicksound / Alain Vinet remix) Terre Aride (Jori Hulkkonen remix) Spiritual Spiral (Carmen Rizzo remix) Mer Noire (Tiësto remix) O Makundé Pageant Koudamare Storm Deep Shadowplay Pursuit Forest Flight Threat Love Dance Battlefield Aftermath If I Could Reach Your Heart We've Been Waiting So Long Reach For Me Now Cold Flame Slipping Away Someone Too High Walk on Water Alone Climb La Nova Alegría Lifeline Bridge of Sorrow One Love Let Me Fall Time to Go Time Flies Sans toi Funerale Ritornare Rêve d'un Pantin Les chevaux à bottes Nos Dejó Klezmer Moment Prendersi per mano Anneaux El cielo sabrá Fugue Volo Volando Un tierno y dulce Balade au bout d'une échelle Garda Lassù Triangle tango Che finalone Because Get Back Glass Onion Eleanor Rigby/Julia (transition) I Am the Walrus I Want to Hold Your Hand Drive My Car/The Word/What You're Doing Gnik Nus Something/Blue Jay Way (transition) Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite!/I Want You (She's So Heavy)/Helter Skelter Help! Blackbird/Yesterday Strawberry Fields Forever Within You Without You/Tomorrow Never Knows Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds Octopus's Garden Lady Madonna Here Comes the Sun/The Inner Light (transition) Come Together/Dear Prudence/Cry Baby Cry (transition) Revolution Back in the U.S.S.R. While My Guitar Gently Weeps A Day in the Life Hey Jude Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (reprise) All You Need Is Love The Fool on the Hill Girl Love: Special Edition[edit] Love: Special EditionRemix album by The BeatlesReleasedNovember 21, 2006LabelCapitol/Apple RecordsProducerGeorge Martin, Giles Martin2-disc setASIN B000JJS8TM This Special Edition includes the regular Love CD and an Audio DVD that offers higher-quality sound in several formats including DVD-Audio MLP, DTS, Dolby and PCM.  Further information: Love (Cirque du Soleil) and Love (The Beatles album) Wintuk[edit] WintukSoundtrack album by Simon CarpentierReleasedNovember 1, 2007LabelCirque du Soleil MusiqueASIN B001D6RLG6 Something's Missing Shadows Beyond the Clouds Dogs will be Dogs! He's Scared of His Shadow Norah Knows Heading North Back Where We Belong Northern Folk Elena Ice Giants Dolce Luce Tundra Ballet We Want to See it Snow Nothing's Missing Snowstorm Further information: Wintuk Koozå[edit] KoozåSoundtrack album by Jean-François CotéReleasedJune 24, 2008LabelCirque du Soleil MusiqueASIN B00197U0S0 Kooza Dance Superstar I L'Innocent Royaume Junoon Alambre Alto 16- Papillon Pearl Cabaret Satã Aankh Micholi Diables El Péndulo de la Muerte Petit-Jaune Superstar II Imposteur Prarthana Don't Be Afraid Hum Jaisa Na Dekha Further information: Koozå Zaia[edit] ZaiaSoundtrack album by Violaine CorradiReleasedMay 26, 2009LabelCirque du Soleil MusiqueASIN B0024F13IW Noi Aestus Calor Ignis Hatahkinn Aquilex Comissatio Blue Ales Adrideo Ardor Oris Aequor Oris Caelestis Undae Temperatio Ellâm Onru Gaudiumni Utinam Further information: Zaia 25[edit] 25Compilation album by Various artistsReleasedJune 23, 2009LabelCirque du Soleil MusiqueASIN B0028ERBYO This compilation is a 25th-anniversary collection of music from 25 different Cirque du Soleil shows.[1]      CD #1 "Poetique"  Ouverture (Cirque Réinventé) Le Funambule (Cirque du Soleil[2] and La Magie Continue) Méandres (Nouvelle Expérience and Fascination) Havi Vahlia (Nouvelle Expérience) Vai Vedrai (Alegría) A Tale (La Nouba) Piece of Heaven (Zumanity) Volo Volando (Corteo) Beyond the Clouds (Wintuk) Sexy Pet (Criss Angel Believe) The Worlds Meet (Zed) Banquete (Ovo) Alegría (Alegría, le film)   CD #2 "Dynamique"  Le Cirque du Soleil (Cirque du Soleil) Les Pingouins (Cirque du Soleil and Cirque Reinventé) Barock (Saltimbanco) Rivage (Quidam) Birimbau (Mystère) Svecounia (O) Ravendhi (Dralion) Lubia Dobarstan (Varekai) Pursuit (Kà) One Love (Delirium) Hum Jaisa Na Dekha (Koozå) Utinam (Zaia)    Zed[edit] ZedSoundtrack album by René DupéréReleasedOctober 13, 2009LabelCirque du Soleil MusiqueASIN B002MXA7JC First Incantation Birth of the Sky Reaching Up Blue Silk High Temptation Vaneyou Mile Zed in Love Kernoon's Fire Mirror of the Two Worlds The Worlds Meet Fiesta Hymn of the Worlds Further information: Zed Ovo[edit] OvoSoundtrack album by Berna CeppasReleasedApril 13, 2010Length73:49LabelCirque du Soleil MusiqueASIN B003BQO19G Brisa Do Mar Foreigner Ants Cocoon Frevo Zumbido Orvalho Carimbó Da Creatura Love Duet Scarabées Sexy Web Legs Flea Girls Super Hero Secret Samba Luv Parede Banquete Further information: Ovo Totem[edit] TotemSoundtrack album by Guy Dubuc, Marc LessardReleasedOctober 6, 2010Length65:45LabelCirque du Soleil MusiqueASIN B004ISVH02 Omé Kayo Cum Sancto Spiritu Indie-Hip Koumaya Crystal Pyramid Thunder Toreador Qué Viyéra Mr. Beaker Onta Kunda Tayé Fast Boat Terre-Mère Ome Yo Kanoubé Further information: Totem Viva Elvis[edit] Viva Elvis (studio album)[edit] Viva ElvisSoundtrack album by Elvis PresleyReleasedNovember 9, 2010Length41:42LabelSony Legacy RecordingsProducerEric van TourneauASIN B003VYBNMG Opening Blue Suede Shoes That's All Right Heartbreak Hotel Love Me Tender King Creole Bossa Nova Baby Burning Love Memories Can't Help Falling In Love You'll Never Walk Alone (piano interlude) Suspicious Minds Viva Elvis (bonus album)[edit] In each country, a bonus version of "Love Me Tender" was included, featuring a local singer in place of the singer from the Cirque du Soleil show.   Love Me Tender (featuring Thalía in the US and Latin America) Further information: Viva Elvis and Viva Elvis (album) Criss Angel Believe[edit] Criss Angel BelieveSoundtrack album by Éric SerraReleasedFebruary 1, 2011Length64:31LabelCirque du Soleil MusiqueASIN B004J3CLFG Homage to the Rabbits The Life Factory Sexy Pet Flying with the Birds Kayala and the Poppies Sympathy for Crimson The Magic Door The Cockroach Dance In and Out of the Dream Shadows and Whispers Being Houdini I Being Houdini II Prewed Blow Me a Tornado She is Gone to the Sky The Magic Wedding Further information: Criss Angel Believe Michael Jackson: Immortal[edit] Michael Jackson: ImmortalRemix album by Michael JacksonReleasedNovember 21, 2011 (2011-11-21)Recorded1969–2009Remixed: 2010–2011GenreR&B, pop, soul, rockLabelEpic Records Standard edition[edit] "Workin' Day And Night" (Immortal version) "The Immortal Intro" (Immortal version) "Childhood" (Immortal version) "Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'" (Immortal version) "Dancing Machine/Blame It On The Boogie" (Immortal version) "This Place Hotel" (Immortal version) "Smooth Criminal" (Immortal version) "Dangerous (Immortal version) The Jackson 5 Medley: "I Want You Back"/"ABC"/"The Love You Save" (Immortal version) "Speechless"/"Human Nature" (Immortal version) "Is It Scary"/"Threatened" (Immortal version) "Thriller" (Immortal version) "You Are Not Alone"/"I Just Can't Stop Loving You" (Immortal version) "Beat It"/"State of Shock" (Immortal version) "Jam" (Immortal version) "Planet Earth/Earth Song" (Immortal version) "They Don't Care About Us" (Immortal version) "I'll Be There" (Immortal version) "Immortal Megamix: Can You Feel It/Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough/Billie Jean/Black or White" (Immortal version) "Man in the Mirror" (Immortal version) Deluxe edition[edit] Disc 1  "Working Day and Night" (Immortal version) "The Immortal Intro" (Immortal version) "Childhood" (Immortal version) "Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'" (Immortal version) "Shake Your Body (Down to the Ground)" (Immortal version) "Dancing Machine/Blame It on the Boogie" (Immortal version) "Ben" (Immortal version) "This Place Hotel" (Immortal version) "Smooth Criminal" (Immortal version) "Dangerous" (Immortal version) The Mime Segment: "(I Like) The Way You Love Me"/"Speed Demon"/"Another Part of Me" (Immortal version) J5 Medley: "I Want You Back"/"ABC"/"The Love You Save" (Immortal version) "Speechless/Human Nature" (Immortal version) "Is It Scary/Threatened" (Immortal version) "Thriller" (Immortal version) Disc 2  "You Are Not Alone"/"I Just Can't Stop Loving You" (Immortal version) "Beat It"/"State of Shock" (Immortal version) "Jam" (Immortal version) "Planet Earth"/"Earth Song" (Immortal version) "Scream"/"Little Susie" (Immortal version) "Gone Too Soon" (Immortal version) "They Don't Care About Us" (Immortal version) "Will You Be There" (Immortal version) "I'll Be There" (Immortal version) Immortal Megamix: "Can You Feel It"/"Don't Stop 'til You Get Enough"/"Billie Jean"/"Black or White" (Immortal version) "Man in the Mirror" (Immortal version) "Remember the Time"/"Bad" (Immortal version) Further information: Immortal and Michael Jackson: The Immortal World Tour Iris[edit] IrisSoundtrack album by Danny ElfmanReleasedNovember 21, 2011LabelCirque du Soleil MusiqueASIN B004J3CLFG Buster's Big Opening The Twins Kiriki Film Kiriki Silent Movie Patterns Clown Special Effects Pellicule (Part I & II) Snake Women Movie Studio The Broom Flying Scarlett Old Toys Film Noir/Pursuit Rooftops Scarlett Balancing Iris Finale and BowsFurther information: Iris Le Best Of 2[edit] Le Best Of 2Compilation album by Various artistsReleasedNovember 6, 2012LabelCirque du Soleil MusiqueASIN B0002VYQDO This compilation features music from previous Cirque shows: Amaluna, Kooza, Zed, Corteo, Believe, Zaia, Ovo, Ka, Wintuk, Zumanity and Totem.   Magic Ceremony I Pearl Blue Silk Anneaux Flying Scarlett Qué Viyéra Flying with the Birds Noi Secret Samba Luv Pageant Beyond the Clouds Piece of Heaven Omé Yo Kanoubé Amaluna[edit] AmalunaSoundtrack album by Guy Dubuc, Marc LessardReleasedNovember 20, 2012LabelCirque du Soleil MusiqueASIN B004J3CLFG All Come Together Elma Om Mi Lize Tempest Enchanted Reunion Fly Around Hope O Ma Ley Burn Me Up Whisper Running On the Edge Ena Fee Alyne Creature of Light Mutation Run Further information: Amaluna Zarkana[edit] ZarkanaSoundtrack album by Nick LittlemoreReleasedJuly 23, 2013LabelCirque du Soleil MusiqueASIN B00D09B10G Antlia Zawraq Eridanus Caph Crysococca Kuma Tarientar / The Archer Gienah Rae Tourago / Guiram Jarseate Asteraw Kurios: Cabinets Des Curiosités[edit] Kurios: Cabinets Des CuriositésSoundtrack album by Guy Dubuc, Marc LessardReleasedDecember 9, 2014LabelCirque du Soleil MusiqueASIN B00O20UNZ6 11h11 Steampunk Telegram Bella Donna Twist Gravity Levitas Monde Inversé Hypnotique Departure Fearsome Flight Clouds Créature De Siam Wat U No Wen You Must Be Joking JOYÀ[edit] JOYÀSoundtrack album by Guy Dubuc, Marc LessardReleasedJanuary 15, 2016LabelCirque du Soleil Musique Naturalium Comedy of Errors Reinas En La Penumbra Adventure at Sea The Dive Profunda Belleza Legacy Nueva Era Toruk – The First Flight[edit] Toruk – The First FlightSoundtrack album by Guy Dubuc, Marc LessardReleasedFebruary 5, 2016LabelCirque du Soleil MusiqueASIN B01A9XS2O8 Omaticaya Clan Lu Aw Navi Shaman Story Tawkami Clan The Anurai Clan Sanctuary Viperwolves and the Tipani Clan Direhorses Kekunan Clan Hallelujah Mountains The Toruk Luminous Reunion Luzia[edit] LuziaSoundtrack album by Simon Carpentier and Nortec Collective Bostich+FussibleReleasedMay 13, 2016LabelCirque du Soleil MusiqueASIN B01DD5N2NK Asi Es La Vida Tiembla La Tierra Flores En El Desierto Pambolero Pez Volador Los Mosquitos Alebrijes Tlaloc Cierra Los Ojos Fiesta Finale Paramour[edit] ParamourSoundtrack album by Guy Dubuc, Marc LessardReleasedAugust 26, 2016LabelCirque du Soleil MusiqueASIN B01KSHXH3G The Hollywood Wiz Ginger Top Something More AJ's Blues The Muse Serenade from a Window The Honeymoon Days of Fame Cleopatra Egyptian Gift Help a Girl Choose The Dream Revenge Fantasies Love Triangle Writer's Block Everything (The Lover's Theme) NYC Rooftops Reel Love Everything (Reprise) Sep7imo Dia (No Descansaré) (Soda Stereo album)[edit] Sep7imo DiaRemix album by Soda StereoReleasedMarch 9, 2017LabelSony Music/Sony MusicProducerCharly Alberti, Zeta Bosio Adrian TavernaASIN B000JK8OYU En El Septimo Dia Cae El Sol / Planta Picnic en el 4ºB / Te Hacen Falta Vitaminas / Mi Novia Tiene Biceps Ella Uso / Un Misil Profugos En Remolinos Planeador Persiana Americana Signos Un Millon De Años Luz Intro Luna Roja Luna Roja Crema de Estrellas Cuando Pase el Temblor Hombre Al Agua Sueles Dejarme Solo En La Ciudad de La Furia Efecto Doppler Primavera 0 De Musica Ligera Terapia de Amor Intensiva VOLTA[edit] VOLTASoundtrack album by Anthony GonzalezReleasedSeptember 20, 2017LabelCirque du Soleil MusiqueASIN B075DKR63D To the Stars Dancing Ants The Bee and the Wind Man Craft Modern Jungle Inside Me The Change Suspension Elevation Lone Soul Battle of the Man Like Kids Stone: Hommage à Plamondon[edit] Stone: Hommage à PlamondonSoundtrack album by Various artistsReleasedMay 18, 2018RecordedSpring 2017StudioStudio l'Gros, XS Music, Studio DandurandGenreChansonLabelXS MusicProducerJean-Phi GonclavesASIN B07CQPJ62G All lyrics are written by Luc Plamondon.No.TitleMusicArtist(s)Length1."Le Parc Belmont"Christian St-RochMartha Wainwright5:452."Monopolis"Michel BergerMilk & Bone4:593."Oxygène"Germain GauthierBetty Bonifassi5:314."Le Monde est stone"BergerBeyries6:585."Lili voulait aller danser"Julien ClercLa Bronze4:386."Ma mère chantait toujours"François CousineauMarie-Pierre Arthur3:537."L'Île aux mimosas"BarbaraKlô Pelgag3:518."Je danse dans ma tête"Romano MusumarraMarie-Mai4:139."Call Girl"GauthierValérie Carpentier4:2910."Tiens‐toé ben j'arrive!"CousineauCatherine Major5:4611."Le Blues du businessman"BergerSafia Nolin5:3712."Les Sans-papiers"Riccardo CoccianteMarie-Josée Lord3:4413."S.O.S d'un terrien en détresse"BergerAriane Moffatt4:4814."Le Monde est fou"St-RochGabrielle Shonk3:4915."L'Hymne à la beauté du monde"St-RochTous les acrobates, techniciens et concepteurs du spectacle3:34Total length:71:42 Remixes[edit] Tapis Rouge vinyl mixes[edit] Limited editions of previously released remixes in vinyl format (vinyl 12-inch, White Label, 33⅓ RPM) have been released by Cirque du Soleil Musique and sold in Canada and the United States.  Vol. 1: Africa[edit]  LP Record (May 16, 2006) Original Release Date: May 16, 2006 Format: Limited Edition Label: Cirque du Soleil Musique ASIN: MISSING  Track list:   A1 – Africa (Cottonbelly remix) A2 – A Tale (Chilluminati mix) B1 – Le Reveur (Thievery Corporation remix) B2 – Emballa (Llorca remix)  Vol. 2: Ombra[edit]  LP Record (May 16, 2006) Original Release Date: May 16, 2006 Format: Limited Edition Label: Cirque du Soleil Musique ASIN: B000EWBOLI  Track list:   Ombra (Afterlife remix) Gamelan (Cantoma remix) Africa (Banzai Republic Equator Bound mix) El Péndulo (Fenomenon Northern Comfort mix)  Vol. 3: Aborigenes Jam[edit]  LP Record (May 16, 2006) Original Release Date: May 16, 2006 Format: Limited Edition Label: Cirque du Soleil Musique ASIN: B000EWBOKO  Track list:   Aborigenes Jam (vocal mix) Aborigenes Jam (dub mix)  Vol. 4: Emballa[edit]  LP Record (May 16, 2006) Original Release Date: May 16, 2006 Format: Limited Edition Label: Cirque du Soleil Musique ASIN: B000EWBOLS  Track list:   Emballa (album mix) (Louie Vega feat. Jaffa) Emballa (Ritual mix) (Louie Vega feat. Jaffa) Emballa (Sun dub) (Louie Vega feat. Jaffa)  Vol. 5: Kumbalawe[edit]  LP Record (May 16, 2006) Original Release Date: May 16, 2006 Format: Limited Edition Label: Cirque du Soleil Musique ASIN: B000EWBOKY   Track list:   Kumbalawé (Roger Sanchez release mix) Kumbalawé (Roger Sanchez release the dub)  Vol. 6: Mer Noire[edit]  LP Record (May 16, 2006) Original Release Date: May 16, 2006 Format: Limited Edition Label: Cirque du Soleil Musique ASIN: B000EWBOKE  Track list:   A – Mer Noire (Tiësto remix) B – Africa (Quicksound remix)  Vol. 7: Tapis Rouge Remixed[edit]  LP Record (May 16, 2006) Original Release Date: May 16, 2006 Format: Limited Edition Label: Cirque du Soleil Musique  Track list:   A1. A Tale (Chilluminati remix) A2. Rumeurs (John Beltran remix) B1. Gamelan (Cantoma remix) B2. Africa (Banzai Republic remix)  References[edit]   ^ Roysac.com  ^ Richasi.com   External links[edit] Official website Girl Something's Missing Shadows Beyond the Clouds Dogs will be Dogs! He's Scared of His Shadow Norah Knows Heading North Back Where We Belong Northern Folk Elena Ice Giants Dolce Luce Tundra Ballet We Want to See it Snow Nothing's Missing Snowstorm Kooza Dance Superstar I L'Innocent Royaume Junoon Alambre Alto 16- Papillon Pearl Cabaret Satã Aankh Micholi Diables El Péndulo de la Muerte Petit-Jaune Superstar II Imposteur Prarthana Don't Be Afraid Hum Jaisa Na Dekha Noi Aestus Calor Ignis Hatahkinn Aquilex Comissatio Blue Ales Adrideo Ardor Oris Aequor Oris Caelestis Undae Temperatio Ellâm Onru Gaudiumni Utinam Ouverture (Cirque Réinventé) Le Funambule (Cirque du Soleil[2] and La Magie Continue) Méandres (Nouvelle Expérience and Fascination) Havi Vahlia (Nouvelle Expérience) Vai Vedrai (Alegría) A Tale (La Nouba) Piece of Heaven (Zumanity) Volo Volando (Corteo) Beyond the Clouds (Wintuk) Sexy Pet (Criss Angel Believe) The Worlds Meet (Zed) Banquete (Ovo) Alegría (Alegría, le film) Le Cirque du Soleil (Cirque du Soleil) Les Pingouins (Cirque du Soleil and Cirque Reinventé) Barock (Saltimbanco) Rivage (Quidam) Birimbau (Mystère) Svecounia (O) Ravendhi (Dralion) Lubia Dobarstan (Varekai) Pursuit (Kà) One Love (Delirium) Hum Jaisa Na Dekha (Koozå) Utinam (Zaia) First Incantation Birth of the Sky Reaching Up Blue Silk High Temptation Vaneyou Mile Zed in Love Kernoon's Fire Mirror of the Two Worlds The Worlds Meet Fiesta Hymn of the Worlds Brisa Do Mar Foreigner Ants Cocoon Frevo Zumbido Orvalho Carimbó Da Creatura Love Duet Scarabées Sexy Web Legs Flea Girls Super Hero Secret Samba Luv Parede Banquete Omé Kayo Cum Sancto Spiritu Indie-Hip Koumaya Crystal Pyramid Thunder Toreador Qué Viyéra Mr. Beaker Onta Kunda Tayé Fast Boat Terre-Mère Ome Yo Kanoubé Opening Blue Suede Shoes That's All Right Heartbreak Hotel Love Me Tender King Creole Bossa Nova Baby Burning Love Memories Can't Help Falling In Love You'll Never Walk Alone (piano interlude) Suspicious Minds   Love Me Tender (featuring Thalía in the US and Latin America) Homage to the Rabbits The Life Factory Sexy Pet Flying with the Birds Kayala and the Poppies Sympathy for Crimson The Magic Door The Cockroach Dance In and Out of the Dream Shadows and Whispers Being Houdini I Being Houdini II Prewed Blow Me a Tornado She is Gone to the Sky The Magic Wedding "Workin' Day And Night" (Immortal version) "The Immortal Intro" (Immortal version) "Childhood" (Immortal version) "Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'" (Immortal version) "Dancing Machine/Blame It On The Boogie" (Immortal version) "This Place Hotel" (Immortal version) "Smooth Criminal" (Immortal version) "Dangerous (Immortal version) The Jackson 5 Medley: "I Want You Back"/"ABC"/"The Love You Save" (Immortal version) "Speechless"/"Human Nature" (Immortal version) "Is It Scary"/"Threatened" (Immortal version) "Thriller" (Immortal version) "You Are Not Alone"/"I Just Can't Stop Loving You" (Immortal version) "Beat It"/"State of Shock" (Immortal version) "Jam" (Immortal version) "Planet Earth/Earth Song" (Immortal version) "They Don't Care About Us" (Immortal version) "I'll Be There" (Immortal version) "Immortal Megamix: Can You Feel It/Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough/Billie Jean/Black or White" (Immortal version) "Man in the Mirror" (Immortal version) "Working Day and Night" (Immortal version) "The Immortal Intro" (Immortal version) "Childhood" (Immortal version) "Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'" (Immortal version) "Shake Your Body (Down to the Ground)" (Immortal version) "Dancing Machine/Blame It on the Boogie" (Immortal version) "Ben" (Immortal version) "This Place Hotel" (Immortal version) "Smooth Criminal" (Immortal version) "Dangerous" (Immortal version) The Mime Segment: "(I Like) The Way You Love Me"/"Speed Demon"/"Another Part of Me" (Immortal version) J5 Medley: "I Want You Back"/"ABC"/"The Love You Save" (Immortal version) "Speechless/Human Nature" (Immortal version) "Is It Scary/Threatened" (Immortal version) "Thriller" (Immortal version) "You Are Not Alone"/"I Just Can't Stop Loving You" (Immortal version) "Beat It"/"State of Shock" (Immortal version) "Jam" (Immortal version) "Planet Earth"/"Earth Song" (Immortal version) "Scream"/"Little Susie" (Immortal version) "Gone Too Soon" (Immortal version) "They Don't Care About Us" (Immortal version) "Will You Be There" (Immortal version) "I'll Be There" (Immortal version) Immortal Megamix: "Can You Feel It"/"Don't Stop 'til You Get Enough"/"Billie Jean"/"Black or White" (Immortal version) "Man in the Mirror" (Immortal version) "Remember the Time"/"Bad" (Immortal version) Buster's Big Opening The Twins Kiriki Film Kiriki Silent Movie Patterns Clown Special Effects Pellicule (Part I & II) Snake Women Movie Studio The Broom Flying Scarlett Old Toys Film Noir/Pursuit Rooftops Scarlett Balancing Iris Finale and BowsFurther information: Iris Magic Ceremony I Pearl Blue Silk Anneaux Flying Scarlett Qué Viyéra Flying with the Birds Noi Secret Samba Luv Pageant Beyond the Clouds Piece of Heaven Omé Yo Kanoubé All Come Together Elma Om Mi Lize Tempest Enchanted Reunion Fly Around Hope O Ma Ley Burn Me Up Whisper Running On the Edge Ena Fee Alyne Creature of Light Mutation Run Antlia Zawraq Eridanus Caph Crysococca Kuma Tarientar / The Archer Gienah Rae Tourago / Guiram Jarseate Asteraw 11h11 Steampunk Telegram Bella Donna Twist Gravity Levitas Monde Inversé Hypnotique Departure Fearsome Flight Clouds Créature De Siam Wat U No Wen You Must Be Joking Naturalium Comedy of Errors Reinas En La Penumbra Adventure at Sea The Dive Profunda Belleza Legacy Nueva Era Omaticaya Clan Lu Aw Navi Shaman Story Tawkami Clan The Anurai Clan Sanctuary Viperwolves and the Tipani Clan Direhorses Kekunan Clan Hallelujah Mountains The Toruk Luminous Reunion Asi Es La Vida Tiembla La Tierra Flores En El Desierto Pambolero Pez Volador Los Mosquitos Alebrijes Tlaloc Cierra Los Ojos Fiesta Finale The Hollywood Wiz Ginger Top Something More AJ's Blues The Muse Serenade from a Window The Honeymoon Days of Fame Cleopatra Egyptian Gift Help a Girl Choose The Dream Revenge Fantasies Love Triangle Writer's Block Everything (The Lover's Theme) NYC Rooftops Reel Love Everything (Reprise) En El Septimo Dia Cae El Sol / Planta Picnic en el 4ºB / Te Hacen Falta Vitaminas / Mi Novia Tiene Biceps Ella Uso / Un Misil Profugos En Remolinos Planeador Persiana Americana Signos Un Millon De Años Luz Intro Luna Roja Luna Roja Crema de Estrellas Cuando Pase el Temblor Hombre Al Agua Sueles Dejarme Solo En La Ciudad de La Furia Efecto Doppler Primavera 0 De Musica Ligera Terapia de Amor Intensiva To the Stars Dancing Ants The Bee and the Wind Man Craft Modern Jungle Inside Me The Change Suspension Elevation Lone Soul Battle of the Man Like Kids LP Record (May 16, 2006) Original Release Date: May 16, 2006 Format: Limited Edition Label: Cirque du Soleil Musique ASIN: MISSING A1 – Africa (Cottonbelly remix) A2 – A Tale (Chilluminati mix) B1 – Le Reveur (Thievery Corporation remix) B2 – Emballa (Llorca remix) LP Record (May 16, 2006) Original Release Date: May 16, 2006 Format: Limited Edition Label: Cirque du Soleil Musique ASIN: B000EWBOLI Ombra (Afterlife remix) Gamelan (Cantoma remix) Africa (Banzai Republic Equator Bound mix) El Péndulo (Fenomenon Northern Comfort mix) LP Record (May 16, 2006) Original Release Date: May 16, 2006 Format: Limited Edition Label: Cirque du Soleil Musique ASIN: B000EWBOKO Aborigenes Jam (vocal mix) Aborigenes Jam (dub mix) LP Record (May 16, 2006) Original Release Date: May 16, 2006 Format: Limited Edition Label: Cirque du Soleil Musique ASIN: B000EWBOLS Emballa (album mix) (Louie Vega feat. Jaffa) Emballa (Ritual mix) (Louie Vega feat. Jaffa) Emballa (Sun dub) (Louie Vega feat. Jaffa) LP Record (May 16, 2006) Original Release Date: May 16, 2006 Format: Limited Edition Label: Cirque du Soleil Musique ASIN: B000EWBOKY Kumbalawé (Roger Sanchez release mix) Kumbalawé (Roger Sanchez release the dub) LP Record (May 16, 2006) Original Release Date: May 16, 2006 Format: Limited Edition Label: Cirque du Soleil Musique ASIN: B000EWBOKE A – Mer Noire (Tiësto remix) B – Africa (Quicksound remix) LP Record (May 16, 2006) Original Release Date: May 16, 2006 Format: Limited Edition Label: Cirque du Soleil Musique A1. A Tale (Chilluminati remix) A2. Rumeurs (John Beltran remix) B1. Gamelan (Cantoma remix) B2. Africa (Banzai Republic remix)"
Law Society of British Columbia v Mangat;" Law Society of British Columbia v Mangat, [2001] 3 S.C.R. 113 is a leading Supreme Court of Canada decision where the Court held that a non-lawyer may be given the power to practice law under a federal statute even if it is contrary to provincial legal profession legislation.  The respondent M was an immigration consultant carrying on his work through an immigration consulting company ("Westcoast"). He had not studied law in Canada and was not a member of the B.C. Law Society. M and other Westcoast employees engaged in a number of activities involving immigration proceedings, including appearing as counsel or advocate on behalf of aliens, for or in the expectation of a fee from the persons for whom the acts were performed, before the Immigration and Refugee Board ("IRB").  The Law Society brought an application seeking a permanent injunction against M and Westcoast to prevent them from engaging in the ongoing practice of law, in contravention of B.C.’s Legal Profession Act. M and Westcoast admitted that they were engaged in the practice of law within the meaning of s. 1 of the Legal Profession Act, but contended that their conduct was sanctioned by ss. 30 and 69(1) of the federal Immigration Act, which permit non-lawyers to appear on behalf of clients before the IRB. The judge issued the injunction on the grounds that ss. 30 and 69(1) of the Immigration Act did not authorize the practice of law. Alternatively, she would have granted the injunction on the basis that the provisions were ultra vires Parliament. The Court of Appeal set aside the injunction. The central issues raised by the appeal were whether ss. 30 and 69(1) of the Immigration Act are intra vires Parliament, and whether s. 26 of the Legal Profession Act, which prohibits a person, other than a member of the Law Society in good standing or a person listed in the exceptions, to engage in the practice of law, is constitutionally inoperative to persons acting under ss. 30 and 69(1) of the Immigration Act and its associated Rules and Regulations. In that Court, the respondent S was added to the proceedings on the basis that she was an immigration consultant engaged in the same activities as M, given that M became a member of the Alberta Law Society soon after leave to appeal was granted by that Court.  Justice Gonthier wrote the opinion for a unanimous court. He held that those sections of the Immigration Act addressed a valid subject matter of the federal government, and that M was allowed to practice law in front of the Board under the provisions of the Immigration Act.  Given the clear overlap of laws, Gonthier considered whether to apply the paramountcy doctrine or the inter-jurisdictional immunity doctrine to resolve the conflict. He found that the paramountcy doctrine was more appropriate as there was a clear double aspect in the law.[1]  The first part of the paramountcy test asks whether there is an "operational conflict between federal and provincial laws",[2] where "compliance with one is defiance of the other".[3] Gonthier found that the purpose of the federal law was to authorize non-lawyers to appear as counsel in immigration tribunals for a fee, but the provincial law made exercise of the authority impossible. Consequently, the paramountcy doctrine could be invoked and the provincial law was held to be inoperative to the extent of the conflict.  List of Supreme Court of Canada cases (McLachlin Court)"
Cerna Gora;" Cerna Gora is a village in Southern Bulgaria. The village is located in Pernik Municipality, Pernik Province. Аccording to the numbers provided by the 2020 Bulgarian census, Bogdanovdol currently has a population of 271 people with a permanent address registration in the settlement.[1]  Bogdanovdol village is located in Southern Bulgaria. The climate of the village is continental. It lies on the borders of the Balkan Mountains.  The village is located 12 kilometers west of Pernik, and 2 kilometers from Batanovtsi. The capital of Bulgaria, Sofia, is 39 kilometers northeast. It carries the same name as the mountain it lies in the summit of - Cerna Gora.[2]  Nearby are the two tallest peaks of the mountain - Tumba (1158) and Vetrushka (1129)  The village was first created after Cerna Gora was separated from the town of Batanovtsi in the year 1991.[3]  There is a community hall and a library in the village, alongside a grocery store and a cafe. The closest doctor, pharmacy, and school are located in Batanovtsi.  According to the Bulgarian population census in 2011.[4] "
Academy Palace;"   The Academy Palace or Palace of the Academies (French: Palais des Académies, Dutch: Paleis der Academiën) is a neoclassical palace in Brussels, Belgium. It was originally built between 1823 and 1828 for Prince William II of Orange. Today, it houses five Belgian academies including the Royal Academies for Science and the Arts of Belgium (RASAB).[2][3][4] In English, it is also often called the Academy House.[5][6]  The palace is situated on the Rue Ducale/Hertogstraat in the Royal Quarter (eastern part of Brussels' city centre), next to the Place des Palais/Paleizenplein, the Royal Palace of Brussels and Brussels Park. This area is served by Brussels Central Station, as well as by the metro stations Parc/Park (on lines 1 and 5) and Trône/Troon (on lines 2 and 6).  The rather austere neoclassical palace and its stables were built between 1823 and 1828 for Prince William II of Orange in recognition of his brilliant action on the battlefield at Waterloo, from funds granted by the nation. It was the joint work of two architects, Charles Vander Straeten [fr] and Tilman-François Suys, at a total cost of 1.2 million florins.[7]  The princely family of William of Orange and his princess, Anna Pavlovna, sister of tsars Alexander I and Nicholas I, occupied the palace a scant two years before the Belgian Revolution of September 1830 forced them to flee to the Netherlands.  From 1830 to 1839, the palace was under sequestration by the newborn Belgian State, and a detailed inventory was drawn up. The public was allowed to tour the palace, and its interiors were considered the most sumptuous that had ever been seen in Belgium. An agreement on 5 November 1842 ceded the structure to the Belgian State, while its contents, adjudged the personal goods of William, were shipped to his Palace of Soestdijk in the Netherlands.  After housing the 1st Regiment of Chasseurs-Carabiniers in 1848–1852, and having been refused by the Duke of Brabant when offered to him in 1853, the palace remained in use for public festivities. The architect Gustave De Man, a member of the Académie Royale de Belgique ("Royal Academy of Belgium"), was entrusted with transformations, finished in 1862, which fitted the building to house the Musée Moderne ("Modern Museum").  Through a royal decree issued on 30 April 1876, the palace was put at the disposal of the two existing French-speaking Belgian academies: the Royal Academy of Science, Letters and Fine Arts of Belgium (French: Académie royale des Sciences, des Lettres et des Beaux-Arts de Belgique), which had been founded in 1772, and the Royal Academy of Medicine of Belgium (French: Académie royale de Médecine de Belgique) founded in 1841.   Three further academies came to share the space in the 20th century: the French-speaking Royal Academy of French Language and Literature of Belgium (French: Académie royale de langue et de littérature françaises de Belgique or ARLLFB) founded in 1920, the Dutch-speaking Royal Academy of Science, Letters and Fine Arts of Belgium (Dutch: Koninklijke Academie voor Wetenschappen, Letteren en Schone Kunsten van België) founded in 1938 and called since 1999 the Royal Flemish Academy of Belgium for Science and the Arts (Dutch: Koninklijke Vlaamse Academie van België voor Wetenschappen en Kunsten or KVAB), and the Dutch-speaking Royal Academy of Medicine of Belgium (Dutch: Koninklijke Academie voor Geneeskunde van België), also founded in 1938.  Since 10 October 2001, the palace has been listed as a protected monument by the Monuments and Sites Directorate of the Brussels-Capital Region.[1]  The Academy Palace is surrounded by a garden adorned with quite a few sculptures, including a statue of the astronomer Adolphe Quételet by Charles-Auguste Fraikin (1880), busts of the chemist Jean Servais Stas by Thomas Vinçotte on a pedestal designed by Victor Horta (1897), and the lawyer and politician Jules Destrée by Armand Bonnetain (1937), as well as The Surprise, a work with a dog and a turtle by Jean-Baptiste Van Heffen (1869). Around the pond, on the side of the Rue de la Régence/Regentschapsstraat, there are three statues on high pedestals: a replica of The Discobolus by Matthieu Kessels (1867), The Victor by Jean Geefs, and Cain Cursed by Louis Jehotte (1850).  The garden is enclosed by a balustrade. At the entrance, two monumental allegorical lion sculptures by Félix Bouré flank the entrance gates. The young Rodin also contributed to the execution of the sculptural group on a pedestal, symbolising Science, Trade and Agriculture (1874).  Cain Cursed by Louis Jéhotte (1850)  The Discobolus by Matthieu Kessels (1867)  The Surprise by Jean-Baptiste Van Heffen (1869)  Bust of Jean Servais Stas by Thomas Vinçotte (1897)  Palais des Académies (French) Paleis der Academiën (Dutch) Palace of the Academies Academy House Train: Brussels-Central Metro: Parc/Park (lines 1 and 5) and Trône/Troon (lines 2 and 6) Academy Palace's sculptures    Cain Cursed by Louis Jéhotte (1850)       The Discobolus by Matthieu Kessels (1867)       The Surprise by Jean-Baptiste Van Heffen (1869)       Bust of Jean Servais Stas by Thomas Vinçotte (1897)    Royal Institute for Cultural Heritage List of castles and châteaux in Belgium Neoclassical architecture in Belgium History of Brussels Belgium in "the long nineteenth century""
Cabanes, Girona;" Cabanes is a municipality in the comarca of Alt Empordà, Girona, Catalonia, Spain.      This Province of Girona location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Eburodacrys mancula;"   Eburodacrys mancula is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by White in 1853.[1]    This Eburodacrys article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Tone scale;" Tone scale may refer to:  Musical scales, including the Whole tone scale Color scales Emotional tone scale, a Scientology concept"
Forum Lviv;" Forum Lviv is a shopping centre in Lviv, Ukraine, opened on September 25, 2015.[1]  Located in central part of the city on Pid Dubom Street. It has three floors with a total retail area 35,000 m² and underground parking for 600 cars.[2] Shopping mall contains a cinema, leisure facilities and restaurants overlooking the city.  In shopping mall representing many Ukrainian and international brands, including a Silpo supermarket and a Comfy electronics supermarket as anchor tenants, Samsung, Planeta Kino cinema, Zara, Bershka, Pull & Bear, Stradivarius, Massimo Dutti, Pierre Cardin, Oysho, Mango, LC Waikiki, Reserved, Cropp, House, Sinsay, CCC, Intertop, Colin's, Timberland, Lacoste, Pandora, Brocard, Wójcik, Intimissimi, Women'secret, Budynok Igrashok, Igroland children entertainment, Sushiya, McDonald's and others.[3]  The mall is owned by Dutch company Multi Corporation.[4] "
Robert Boothby, Baron Boothby;"   Robert John Graham Boothby, Baron Boothby, KBE (12 February 1900 – 16 July 1986), often known as Bob Boothby, was a British Conservative politician.  The only son of Sir Robert Tuite Boothby, KBE, of Edinburgh and a cousin of Rosalind Grant, mother of the broadcaster Sir Ludovic Kennedy, Boothby was educated at St Aubyns School, Eton College, and Magdalen College, Oxford. Before going up to Oxford, near the end of the First World War, he trained as an officer and was commissioned into the Brigade of Guards, but was too young to see active service.[1] Boothby read History at the University of Oxford, the shortened war course was not classed, being marked either 'Pass' or 'Fail'. He attended a few lectures and did some general reading, but, as he cheerfully observed, "there were far too many other things to do".[2] He achieved a pass without distinction in 1921.[3] After Oxford, he became a partner in a firm of stockbrokers.  He was an unsuccessful parliamentary candidate for Orkney and Shetland in 1923 and was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Aberdeen and Kincardine East in 1924. He held the seat until its abolition in 1950, when he was elected for its successor constituency of East Aberdeenshire. Re-elected a final time in 1955, he gave up the seat in 1958 when he was raised to the peerage, triggering a by-election.  He was Parliamentary Private Secretary to Chancellor of the Exchequer Winston Churchill from 1926 to 1929. He helped launch the Popular Front in December 1936.[4] He held junior ministerial office as Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Food in 1940–41. He was later forced to resign his post and go to the back benches for not declaring an interest when asking a parliamentary question. During the Second World War he joined the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve and served as a junior staff officer with Bomber Command, and later as a liaison officer with the Free French Forces, retiring with the rank of Flight Lieutenant. In 1950 he received the Legion of Honour for his latter services.[5]  In 1954 (echoing words he had said in 1934) he complained that for 30 years he had been advocating "a constructive policy on broad lines" but that this had not been taken up: "The doctrine of infallibility has always applied to the Treasury and the Bank of England". Boothby opposed free trade in food stuffs, and claimed that such a policy would invalidate the Agriculture Act 1947 and ruin British farmers. This economic liberalism of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Rab Butler, led to Boothby complaining that "The Tory Party have in fact become the Liberal Party" and cited what the leader of the Liberal Party (Clement Davies) had said to him about Butler: "Sir Robert Peel has come again."[6] In response, Davies claimed that Boothby "has been sitting on the wrong side of the House for many years. Undoubtedly he said tonight that he is the planner of planners. I do not believe in that kind of planning. The hon. Member seems to know better than the ordinary person what is good for the ordinary person, what he ought to buy, where he ought to buy it, where he ought to manufacture and everything else of that kind. There is the true Socialist".[6]  Boothby was a British delegate to the Consultative Assembly of the Council of Europe from 1949 until 1957 and advocated the United Kingdom's entry into the European Economic Community (a predecessor of the European Union). He was a prominent commentator on public affairs on radio and television, often taking part in the long-running BBC radio programme Any Questions. He also advocated the virtues of herring as a food.[7]  He was Vice-Chairman of the Committee on Economic Affairs, 1952–1956, Honorary President of the Scottish Chamber of Agriculture, 1934, Rector of the University of St Andrews, 1958–1961, Chairman of the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, 1961–1963, and President, Anglo-Israel Association, 1962–1975. He was awarded an Honorary LLD by St Andrews in 1959, and was made an Honorary Burgess of the Burghs of Peterhead, Fraserburgh, Turriff and Rosehearty. He was appointed an Officer of the Legion of Honour in 1950, and a KBE in 1953.[8]  Boothby was raised to the peerage as a life peer with the title Baron Boothby, of Buchan and Rattray Head in the County of Aberdeen, on 22 August 1958.[9]  There is a blue plaque on his house in Eaton Square, London.  He was the subject of This Is Your Life in October 1963, when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews at BBC Television Centre.  During the 1950s, Boothby was a prominent advocate of decriminalizing homosexual acts between men. In his memoirs, he wrote that he was determined to "do something practical to remove the fear and misery in which many of our most gifted citizens were then compelled to live".[10]   In December 1953, he sent a memorandum to David Maxwell Fyfe, then the Home Secretary, calling for the establishment of a departmental inquiry into homosexuality. He argued that: By attaching so fearful a stigma to homosexuality as such, you put a very large number of otherwise law-abiding and useful citizens on the other side of the fence which divides the good citizen from the bad. By making them feel that, instead of unfortunates they are social pariahs, you drive them into squalor – perhaps into crime, and produce that very "underground" which it is so clearly in the public interest to eradicate.[11] Boothby premised his argument for law reform on the idea that it was the role of the state "not to punish psychological disorders – rather to try and cure them".[11] He argued in the House of Commons that the law as it was did not "achieve the objective of all of us, which is to limit the incidence of homosexuality and to mitigate its evil effects".[12]  After the Departmental Committee on Homosexual Offences and Prostitution recommended decriminalization in the Wolfenden Report of 1957, Boothby claimed that, through his correspondence with Fyfe, he had been "primarily responsible" for the committee's establishment.[13]  Boothby had a colourful, if reasonably discreet, private life, mainly because the press refused to print what they knew of him, or were prevented from doing so. Woodrow Wyatt, whose reliability has been questioned,[14][15][16] claimed after the death of Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother that she had confided to him in an interview in 1991 that "The press knew all about it", referring to Boothby's affairs, and that she had described Boothby as "a bounder but not a cad".[17]  From 1930, Boothby had a long affair with Lady Dorothy Macmillan, wife of the Conservative politician Harold Macmillan (prime minister from 1957 to 1963). He was rumoured to be the father of the youngest Macmillan daughter, Sarah, although the 2010 biography of Harold Macmillan by D. R. Thorpe discounts Boothby's paternity.[17][18][19] This connection to Macmillan, via his wife, has been seen as one of the reasons why the police did not investigate the death of Edward Cavendish, 10th Duke of Devonshire, who died in the presence of suspected serial killer John Bodkin Adams.[17] The duke was Lady Dorothy's brother, and it is thought the police were wary of drawing press attention to her while she was being unfaithful.[17]  Boothby was married twice. His first wife (married 1935) was Diana Cavendish, daughter of Lord Richard Cavendish, and Lady Dorothy's first cousin, Boothby married her after concluding his relationship with the married Lady Dorothy to be "on the wane". He swiftly realised the marriage had been a mistake (it went on to be a source of long-lasting guilt feelings for him) and it was dissolved in 1937.[20] Lady Dorothy died in 1966. The following year Boothby married Wanda Sanna, a Sardinian woman 33 years his junior. His second cousin, writer and broadcaster Sir Ludovic Kennedy, asserted that Boothby fathered at least three children by the wives of other men ("two by one woman, one by another").[21]  Partly because of his support for homosexual law reform, Boothby was subject to public rumours about his sexuality, although he insisted publicly in 1954 that he was "not a homosexual".[22] He did, however, comment that "sub-conscious bi-sexuality is a component part of all of us [and] the majority of males pass through a homosexual period".[23] Whilst an undergraduate at Magdalen College, Oxford, Boothby earned the nickname 'the Palladium', because "he was twice nightly".[24] He later spoke about the role of a speculated homosexual relationship in the drowning of his friend Michael Llewelyn Davies (one of the models for Peter Pan) and fellow Oxonian Rupert Buxton.[25] In a Channel 4 documentary broadcast in 1997, it was claimed that he did not begin to have physical relationships with women until the age of 25.[24]  In 1963, Boothby began an affair with East End cat burglar Leslie Holt (d. 1979), a younger man he met at a gambling club. Holt introduced him to the gangster Ronnie Kray, one of the Kray twins, who allegedly supplied Boothby with young men, and arranged orgies in Cedra Court (the apartment block in Hackney where the Kray twins lived), receiving favours from Boothby in return.[24] When Boothby's underworld associations came to the attention of the Sunday Express, the Conservative-supporting newspaper opted not to publish the damaging story.[26][27] The matter was eventually reported in 1964 in the Labour-supporting Sunday Mirror tabloid, and the parties were subsequently named by the German magazine Stern.[28]  Boothby denied the story and threatened to sue the Mirror. His close friend Tom Driberg—a senior Labour MP, and also homosexual—also associated with the Krays, hence, neither of the major political parties had an interest in publicity, and the newspaper's owner Cecil King came under pressure from the Labour leadership to drop the matter.[24] The Mirror backed down, sacked its editor, apologised and paid Boothby £40,000 in an out-of-court settlement. Other newspapers became less willing to cover the Krays' criminal activities, which continued for three more years.[24] The police investigation received no support from Scotland Yard, while Boothby embarrassed his fellow peers by campaigning on behalf of the Krays in the Lords, until their increasing violence made association impossible.[24] It has been claimed that journalists who investigated Boothby were subjected to legal threats and break-ins, and that much of that suppression was directed by Arnold Goodman.  Documents released in 2015 show that MI5 used the Kray twins to gather intelligence on homosexual politicians and establishment figures.[citation needed]  The MI5 files focus on Lord Boothby, who was said to share Ronnie Kray's fondness for young men.[citation needed]  Boothby was a frequent visitor to Weimar Germany, and in 1932, he was invited to meet Hitler. In his autobiography, he recalls that Hitler "sprang to his feet, lifted his right arm, and shouted 'Hitler!', ... I responded by clicking my heels together, raising my right arm, and shouting back: 'Boothby!'" Unlike some who were impressed by Hitler, Boothby came away thinking he had seen "the unmistakable glint of madness in his eyes," and the meeting helped convince him to become one of Churchill's small group of parliamentary campaigners for faster rearmament.[29]  After his death from a heart attack in Westminster Hospital, London, aged 86, Boothby's ashes were scattered at Rattray Head near Crimond, Aberdeenshire, off the coast of his former constituency.[30]  [31] "
Koi wa Hassō Do the Hustle!;" "Koi wa Hassō Do the Hustle!" (恋は発想 Do the Hustle!) was the original title track for the twenty-eighth single, "Chokkan 2 ~Nogashita Sakana wa Ōkiizo!~", of the J-pop idol group Morning Musume, but for unannounced reasons, it was changed to the second track. Speculation has been that previews were received poorly, so to try to gain a new market of fans, it was changed to a song popular at their concerts.  On May 2, 2007, the previously unreleased promotional video for the song was released on Eizō The Morning Musume 4 ~Single M Clips~ (映像ザ・モーニング娘。2～シングルMクリップス～), a DVD collection of Morning Musume's music videos.    This Hello! Project–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. 4th generation: Hitomi Yoshizawa 5th generation: Ai Takahashi, Asami Konno, Makoto Ogawa, Risa Niigaki 6th generation: Miki Fujimoto, Eri Kamei, Sayumi Michishige, Reina Tanaka 7th generation: Koharu Kusumi Chokkan 2 ~Nogashita Sakana wa Ōkiizo!~ "Koi wa Hassō Do the Hustle!" entries on the Up-Front Works official website: CD entry, DVD entry Koi wa Hassō Do the Hustle! lyrics at Projecthello.com v t e Mizuki Fukumura Erina Ikuta Ayumi Ishida Sakura Oda Miki Nonaka Maria Makino Akane Haga Kaede Kaga Reina Yokoyama Rio Kitagawa Homare Okamura Mei Yamazaki Rio Sakurai Asuka Fukuda Aya Ishiguro Sayaka Ichii Yuko Nakazawa Maki Goto Kei Yasuda Natsumi Abe Nozomi Tsuji Ai Kago Kaori Iida Mari Yaguchi Rika Ishikawa Asami Konno Makoto Ogawa Hitomi Yoshizawa Miki Fujimoto Koharu Kusumi Eri Kamei Jun Jun Lin Lin Ai Takahashi Risa Niigaki Aika Mitsui Reina Tanaka Sayumi Michishige Riho Sayashi Kanon Suzuki Haruka Kudō Haruna Ogata Haruna Iikubo Masaki Satō Chisaki Morito First Time Second Morning 3rd: Love Paradise 4th Ikimasshoi! No. 5 Ai no Dai 6 Kan Rainbow 7 7.5 Fuyu Fuyu Morning Musume Mini! Sexy 8 Beat Platinum 9 Disc 10 My Me Fantasy! Jūichi 12, Smart 13 Colorful Character 14 Shō: The Message 15 Thank You, Too Hatachi no Morning Musume 16th: That's J-pop Cover You Best! Morning Musume 1 Best! Morning Musume 2 Early Single Box Morning Musume All Singles Complete: 10th Anniversary Morning Musume Zen Single Coupling Collection The Best! ~Updated Morning Musume~ Morning Musume '14 Coupling Collection 2 Best! Morning Musume 20th Anniversary Tanpopo Petit Moni Mini-Moni Morning Musume Sakuragumi Morning Musume Otomegumi Morning Musume Tanjō 10nen Kinentai Filmography Discography Singles Members v t e"
Frank Swift Bourns;" Frank Swift Bourns (1866 – 1935) was an ornithologist and doctor. He was involved in two different expeditions to the Philippines with Dean Conant Worcester to gather natural history specimens. From 1887 to 1888 they participated in an expedition sponsored by Joseph Beal Steere. From 1890 to 1892 they returned on an expedition sponsored by Louis F. Menage and the Minnesota Academy of Natural Sciences. The two expeditions yielded thousands of specimens of birds and mammals including newly discovered species such as the Bornean slow loris and Sulu bleeding-heart. After the second expedition Bourns moved to Ann Arbor, Michigan where he completed his medical degree and became a doctor.[1]    This article about an ornithologist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
2013 Japan Sevens;" The 2013 Japan Sevens was the second edition of the tournament and the seventh tournament of the 2012–13 IRB Sevens World Series. The host stadium was the Chichibunomiya Rugby Stadium.  South Africa won the title by defeating New Zealand 24–19 in the final.[1]  The teams were divided into pools of four teams, who played a round-robin within the pool. Points were awarded in each pool on a different schedule from most rugby tournaments—3 for a win, 2 for a draw, 1 for a loss. The top two teams in each pool advanced to the Cup competition. The four quarterfinal losers dropped into the bracket for the Plate. The Bowl was contested by the third- and fourth-place finishers in each pool, with the losers in the Bowl quarterfinals dropping into the bracket for the Shield.  The participating teams are:[2]    The draw was made on 24 March 2013.[3]   Argentina  Australia  Canada  England  Fiji  France  Japan  Kenya  New Zealand  Portugal  Samoa  Scotland  South Africa  Spain  United States  Wales"
Euarestella megacephala;"   Euarestella megacephala is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Euarestella of the family Tephritidae.[2]  Italy  This article related to members of the fly sub-family Tephritinae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Trypeta megacephala Loew, 1846[1]"
The Under Cover Sessions;"   The Under Cover Sessions is a five-track EP by American heavy metal band Ill Niño, released on November 7, 2006, via Cement Shoes Records.[3] It is their first release on the label, after departing Roadrunner Records in June 2006. The EP was the first to feature Diego Verduzco on guitar (originally in Odum), as a stand-in for Jardel Paisante, who had not been a part of the group since the spring of 2006. He was said to be dealing with personal family problems. Verduzco was also on the photo shoots of Ill Niño for the EP, so many fans saw him as a full-time replacement for Jardel Paisante. Only 20,000 copies of the EP were released. It sold 1,300 copies during its first week of release.[4]  "Arrasta"Released: 2006[1] Cristian Machado - vocals Ahrue Luster - lead guitar Diego Verduzco - rhythm guitar Lazaro Piña - bass Dave Chavarri - drums Danny Couto - percussion Omar Clavijo - keyboards Chino Moreno - vocals on "Zombie Eaters""
Knickerbocker Hotel;" Knickerbocker Hotel may refer to:  Hollywood Knickerbocker Hotel, Los Angeles, California Knickerbocker Hotel (Milwaukee, Wisconsin) The Knickerbocker Hotel, New York City"
HMS Grafton (1771);"   HMS Grafton was a 74-gun third-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built by Adam Hayes launched on 26 September 1771 at Deptford Dockyard.[1] One of the largest ships in the navy she had a crew of 550 men.  May, 1778 under command of Capt. Andrew Wilkinson.[2]  In 1779 she fought at the head of the British line at the Battle of Grenada, and in 1780 she was part of Rodney's fleet at the Battle of Martinique.  From 1792 Grafton was on harbour service, and she was broken up in 1816.[1]    This article about a ship of the line of the United Kingdom is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Participated in: Battle of Grenada Battle of Martinique 74 guns: Gundeck: 28 × 32 pdrs Upper gundeck: 28 × 18 pdrs Quarterdeck: 14 × 9 pdrs Forecastle: 4 × 9 pdrs Captain Thomas Collingwood briefly in 1779 Captain William Affleck briefly in 1780 Captain Frederick Lewis Maitland briefly in 1782 Captain Stair Douglas briefly in 1782 Sir John Hamilton 1782/3"
Hwanghae Province (Republic of Korea);" "Hwanghae Province" or "Hwanghae-do" (Korean pronunciation: [hwaŋ.hɛ.do]) is, according to South Korean law, a province of the Republic of Korea, as the South Korean government formally claims to be the legitimate government of whole of Korea. The area constituting the province is under the de facto jurisdiction of North Korea.  As South Korea does not recognize changes in administrative divisions made by North Korea, official maps of the South Korean government shows Hwanghae Province in its pre-1945 borders. The area corresponds to North Korea's North Hwanghae Province (except Kaesong which is claimed to be part of Gyeonggi Province) and South Hwanghae Province.  To symbolize its claims, the South Korean government established The Committee for the Five Northern Korean Provinces as an administrative body for the five northern provinces. A governor for Hwanghae Province is appointed by the President of South Korea.  Hwanghae-do is divided into 3 cities (si) and 17 counties (gun).    Haeju (Korean: 해주, Hanja: 海州) 21 dong 21 dong Sariwon (사리원, 沙里院) 12 dong 12 dong Songnim (송림, 松林) 28 dong 28 dong Byeokseong (벽성, 碧城) (administrative center at Haeju) 20 myeon : Gajwa, Geomdan, Gosan, Nadeok, Daegeo, Donggang, Miyul, Seoseok, Songrim, Unsan, Wolrok, Janggok, Haenam, Geumsan, Naesong, Dongun, Yeongcheon, Ilsin, Cheongryong, Chuhwa 20 myeon : Gajwa, Geomdan, Gosan, Nadeok, Daegeo, Donggang, Miyul, Seoseok, Songrim, Unsan, Wolrok, Janggok, Haenam, Geumsan, Naesong, Dongun, Yeongcheon, Ilsin, Cheongryong, Chuhwa Yeonbaek (연백, 延白) 1 eup : Yeonan 19 myeon : Gwaegung, Geumsan, Dochon, Mokdan, Bongbuk, Bongseo, Seoksan, Songbong, Onjeong, Yongdo, Unsan, Yugok, Euncheon, Haeryong, Haeseong, Haewol, Honam, Hodong, Hwaseong 1 eup : Yeonan 19 myeon : Gwaegung, Geumsan, Dochon, Mokdan, Bongbuk, Bongseo, Seoksan, Songbong, Onjeong, Yongdo, Unsan, Yugok, Euncheon, Haeryong, Haeseong, Haewol, Honam, Hodong, Hwaseong Ongjin (옹진, 甕津) 1 eup : Ongjin 10 myeon : Gacheon, Gyojeong, Dongnam, Bonggu, Bumin, Buk, Seo, Yongyeon, Yongcheon, Heungmi 1 eup : Ongjin 10 myeon : Gacheon, Gyojeong, Dongnam, Bonggu, Bumin, Buk, Seo, Yongyeon, Yongcheon, Heungmi Jangyeon (장연, 長淵) 1 eup : Jangyeon 9 myeon : Nakdo, Daegu, Mokgam, Sokdal, Suntaek, Sinhwa, Yongyeon, Haean, Hunam 1 eup : Jangyeon 9 myeon : Nakdo, Daegu, Mokgam, Sokdal, Suntaek, Sinhwa, Yongyeon, Haean, Hunam Geumcheon (금천, 金川) 12 Myeon : Geumcheon, Godong, Gui, Sanoe, Seobuk, Seocheon, Oeryu, Ubong, Ungdeok, Jwa, Tosan, Habtan 12 Myeon : Geumcheon, Godong, Gui, Sanoe, Seobuk, Seocheon, Oeryu, Ubong, Ungdeok, Jwa, Tosan, Habtan Singye (신계, 新溪) 8 myeon : Singye, Go, Dami, Dayul, Maseo, Saji, Jeokyeo, Chon 8 myeon : Singye, Go, Dami, Dayul, Maseo, Saji, Jeokyeo, Chon Pyeongsan (평산, 平山) 1 eup : Namcheon 13 myeon : Pyongsan, Goji, Geumam, Masan, Munmu, Sangwol, Seobong, Segok, Sinam, Anseong, Yongsan, Insan, Jeokam 1 eup : Namcheon 13 myeon : Pyongsan, Goji, Geumam, Masan, Munmu, Sangwol, Seobong, Segok, Sinam, Anseong, Yongsan, Insan, Jeokam Bongsan (봉산, 鳳山) (administrative center at Sariwon) 13 myeon : Guyeon, Gicheon, Deokjae, Dongseon, Mancheon, Munjeong, Sain, Sansu, Seojeong, Ssangsan, Yeongcheon, Chowa, Toseong 13 myeon : Guyeon, Gicheon, Deokjae, Dongseon, Mancheon, Munjeong, Sain, Sansu, Seojeong, Ssangsan, Yeongcheon, Chowa, Toseong Seoheung (서흥, 瑞興) 1 eup : Sinmak 10 myeon : Seoheung, Gupo, Naedeok, Do, Maeyang, Mokgam, Sepyeong, Sosa, Yongpyeong, Yulri 1 eup : Sinmak 10 myeon : Seoheung, Gupo, Naedeok, Do, Maeyang, Mokgam, Sepyeong, Sosa, Yongpyeong, Yulri Jaeryeong (재령, 載寧) 1 eup : Jaeryeong 10 myeon : Namryul, Bukryul, Samgang, Sangseong, Seoho, Sinwon, Eunryong, Jangsu, Cheongcheon, Haseong 1 eup : Jaeryeong 10 myeon : Namryul, Bukryul, Samgang, Sangseong, Seoho, Sinwon, Eunryong, Jangsu, Cheongcheon, Haseong Sincheon (신천, 信川) 1 eup : Sincheon 14 myeon : Garyeon, Gasan, Gungheung, Nambu, Nowol, Dura, Munmu, Munhwa, Bukbu, Sancheon, Oncheon, Yongmun, Yongjin, Chori 1 eup : Sincheon 14 myeon : Garyeon, Gasan, Gungheung, Nambu, Nowol, Dura, Munmu, Munhwa, Bukbu, Sancheon, Oncheon, Yongmun, Yongjin, Chori Songhwa (송화, 松禾) 13 myeon : Songhwa, Punghae, Dowon, Bongrae, Sangri, Yeonbang, Yeonjeong, Unyu, Yulri, Jangyang, Jinpung, Cheondong 13 myeon : Songhwa, Punghae, Dowon, Bongrae, Sangri, Yeonbang, Yeonjeong, Unyu, Yulri, Jangyang, Jinpung, Cheondong Eunyul (은율, 殷栗) 7 myeon : Eunyul, Nambu, Bukbu, Seobu, Ildo, Ido, Jangryeon 7 myeon : Eunyul, Nambu, Bukbu, Seobu, Ildo, Ido, Jangryeon Anak (안악, 安岳) 1 eup : Anak 8 myeon : Daewon, Daehaeng, Munsan, Seoha, Angok, Yongmun, Yongsun, Eunhong 1 eup : Anak 8 myeon : Daewon, Daehaeng, Munsan, Seoha, Angok, Yongmun, Yongsun, Eunhong Hwangju (황주, 黃州) 1 eup : Hwangju 11 myeon : Gurak, Guseong, Dochi, Samjeon, Yeongpung, Ingyo, Junam, Cheonju, Cheongryong, Cheongsu, Heukgyo 1 eup : Hwangju 11 myeon : Gurak, Guseong, Dochi, Samjeon, Yeongpung, Ingyo, Junam, Cheonju, Cheongryong, Cheongsu, Heukgyo Suan (수안, 遂安) 9 myeon : Suan, Gongpo, Daeseong, Daeo, Doso, Sugu, Yeonam, Yulgye, Cheongok 9 myeon : Suan, Gongpo, Daeseong, Daeo, Doso, Sugu, Yeonam, Yulgye, Cheongok Goksan (곡산, 谷山) 12 myeon : Goksan, Dohwa, Dongchon, Myeokmi, Bongmyeong, Sangdo, Seochon, Unjung, Iryeong, Cheonggye, Hado, Hwachon 12 myeon : Goksan, Dohwa, Dongchon, Myeokmi, Bongmyeong, Sangdo, Seochon, Unjung, Iryeong, Cheonggye, Hado, Hwachon The Committee for the Five Northern Korean Provinces North Hwanghae Province of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea) South Hwanghae Province of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea) Hwanghae, historical Eight Provinces of Korea v t e Gyeonggi region  Capital area Capital area Gwandong Yeongdong Yeongseo Yeongdong Yeongseo Hoseo Daejeon-Sejong-Chungnam Chungbuk Daejeon-Sejong-Chungnam Chungbuk Honam Yeongnam Daegu-Gyeongbuk Busan-Ulsan-Gyeongnam Southeastern MIR Daegu-Gyeongbuk Busan-Ulsan-Gyeongnam Southeastern MIR Jeju North Chungcheong South Chungcheong Gangwon Gyeonggi North Gyeongsang South Gyeongsang North Jeolla South Jeolla Jeju Seoul Sejong Busan Daegu Daejeon Gwangju Incheon Ulsan North Hamgyeong South Hamgyeong Hwanghae North Pyeongan South Pyeongan"
Kendleton Independent School District;" Kendleton Independent School District was a public school district based in Powell Point, unincorporated Fort Bend County, Texas, United States, north of the city of Kendleton.[1] The district served Kendleton and Powell Point.  In 2009, the school district was rated "academically unacceptable" by the Texas Education Agency (TEA).[2] The district closed in 2010, and its area was taken by the Lamar Consolidated Independent School District (LCISD).  The district had one school, Powell Point Elementary, which served students in grades pre-kindergarten through six. At the time of closure students already were assigned to LCISD for middle and high school grades.  In 1890 Common School District No. 4 opened on the original land grant of Elizabeth Powell, consisting of three area schools built by local African Methodist Episcopal churches. The district was all African-American. In 1903 Tellie B. Mitchell, a Kendleton native who graduated from Wiley College, returned to Kendleton and opened the Powell Point School, a two-room schoolhouse. In 1923 Mitchell persuaded the Rosenwald Foundation into funding the construction of a new school facility with six classrooms, an auditorium, and a library. Mitchell was the principal of the school until 1954.[3]  Beginning in 1985, secondary school students (grades 7-12) from Kendleton ISD attended campuses in the neighboring Lamar Consolidated Independent School District.[4]  In 1995 the Texas Historical Commission established a historical marker at the school site. By that year Powell Point School became an elementary school.[3]  In the early 1990s the State of Texas forced the members of the school board of Kendleton ISD out of their positions.[5] In 1993 the state warned the district that it could lose its accreditation,[6] and also be merged into another school district, within two years.[7] In 1994, the district was operating by itself and had gained a "favorable" rating from the Texas Education Agency (TEA), it had been doing so for the first time in 12 years.[8]  Kendleton ISD received the state's lowest accountability rating of "Academically Unacceptable" in 2005, 2006, 2007, and 2008. The TEA warned that significant improvements were required to prevent state intervention and closure of the district.[9]  After receiving an "Academically Unacceptable" rating for a fifth consecutive year in 2009, the TEA announced on March 10, 2010 that it had revoked the accreditation of Kendleton ISD due to continued substandard academic performance. After receiving Justice Department approval in May 2010,[10] the district was annexed into the Lamar Consolidated Independent School District and ceased operations effective July 1, 2010.[11][12][13]  Circa 1995 the annual cost per student incurred by the district was $9,237, around that time the average per-student cost in Houston-area school districts was $4,000-$5,000. In 1996 Melanie Markley of the Houston Chronicle wrote that the cost was relatively high due to the small enrollment numbers, as having few students reduces the cost-effectiveness of educating them.[14]  Texas portal Schools portal La Marque Independent School District, a majority black school district in Galveston County closed by the TEA in 2016 and annexed into Texas City ISD[15] North Forest Independent School District, a majority black school district in northeast Houston closed by the TEA in 2013[16] Wilmer-Hutchins Independent School District, a majority black school district in southern Dallas and Dallas County closed by the TEA in 2006[16] Non-high school district"
Aldbrough;" Aldbrough could be the name of two places in England  Aldbrough, East Riding of Yorkshire Aldbrough St John, North Yorkshire Aldborough (disambiguation) Aldeburgh, Suffolk"
Marlise Keith;"   Marlise Keith (born 9 June 1972) is a South African artist working in ink, pencil and acrylics on canvas, board and glass (reverse glass painting). Her works can be found in a number of international collections in South Africa, America, Britain, Germany, Portugal and Sweden. She worked as an art teacher at Rustenburg High School for Girls in Cape Town until 2003.  Keith's work is influenced by people, her surroundings and aspects of her personal life. Dreams play an important role in many works, where she captures often disturbing but mostly surreal moments in small, detailed areas of her larger works. It is important to examine her works in great detail to see images receding into the surface and to fully enjoy the complexity and whimsical nature of her illustrative style. Keith has exhibited widely and her works are to be found in collections all around the world.  Winner of the Vuleka Art Competition 2006  Team Sanity, 140 x 100 cm, Mixed media on board, 2006  Selected for the Absa Atelier 2006  Elysian Fields at UCA Gallery in Cape Town, South Africa 2009[1] "
Global Geospace Science;" Global Geospace Science (GGS) is a NASA spaceprogram operating one satellite:  This article related to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. https://www.britannica.com/place/Saturn-planet/The-ring-system WIND http://www-istp.gsfc.nasa.gov/istp/ggs_project.html v t e"
13th parallel;" 13th parallel may refer to:  13th parallel north, a circle of latitude in the Northern Hemisphere 13th parallel south, a circle of latitude in the Southern Hemisphere"
Binzen;" Binzen is a municipality in the southwestern German Federal State of Baden-Württemberg, part of the district Lörrach. The town's coat of arms was granted on 29 August 1967.  The blazon of the arms is Azure a Garb Or on a Chief Gules a Rising Sun in Splendour Or.  This Lörrach location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. View a machine-translated version of the German article. Machine translation, like DeepL or Google Translate, is a useful starting point for translations, but translators must revise errors as necessary and confirm that the translation is accurate, rather than simply copy-pasting machine-translated text into the English Wikipedia. Do not translate text that appears unreliable or low-quality. If possible, verify the text with references provided in the foreign-language article. You must provide copyright attribution in the edit summary accompanying your translation by providing an interlanguage link to the source of your translation. A model attribution edit summary is Content in this edit is translated from the existing German Wikipedia article at [[:de:Binzen]], see its history for attribution. You should also add the template {{Translated|de|Binzen}} to the talk page. For more guidance, see Wikipedia:Translation."
Peter of Diokleia;" Peter of Diokleia or Petar (Serbian: Петaр/Petar) was an archon of Duklja in the 10th century. The only information on him is from a seal found in the 19th century, which is decorated on the observe with a bust of the Virgin Mary holding a medallion of Christ and flanked by two cruciform invocative monograms. The text is in Greek letters, saying ΠΕΤΡ[Ο]Υ ΑΡΧΟΝΤΟΣ ΔΙΟΚΛ[Ε]ΙΑ[Σ] ΑΜΗΝ (Petr[o]u, Archontos Diokl[e]ias, Amen), i.e. "[Seal] of Peter, archon of Duklja, Amen". The seal shows that although Duklja underwent turmoil in the 9th century, the region still continued under Byzantine rule or at least cultural influence.[1]  The stamp was kept in the Medal cabinet of Berlin and before 1884 it was in a decayed condition. Illustration based on the original by Léon Dardel, was first published in 1884 by Gustave Schlumberger.  The history of Duklja until the 10th century is little known.[2] A list of mythological rulers of this time exist in the dubious Chronicle of the Priest of Duklja compiled in the 13th century or even the 16th and 17th centuries. In this chronicle, the father of Prince Jovan Vladimir (ruled ca. 1000 – 1016) is named Petrislav, possibly meaning that Peter and Petrislav are the same.[3] It is mentioned in the Chronicle of the Priest of Duklja that Petrislav is a descendant of the Trebinje Prince Hvalimir and was given Duklja to rule as part of Hvalimir's domain.  This article about a member of the Serbian nobility is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Stipecoma;"   Stipecoma is a genus of flowering plants in the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1860. It contains only one known species, Stipecoma peltigera, native to Brazil and Bolivia.[1][2][3]    This Apocynaceae article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Echites peltigerus Stadelm. Echites tropaeolifolius A.DC. Stipecoma macrocalyx (Müll.Arg.) Miers = Peltastes macrocalyx (Müll.Arg.) Woodson Stipecoma mucronata Miers = Peltastes peltatus (Vell.) Woodson Stipecoma ovata Miers = Peltastes peltatus (Vell.) Woodson Stipecoma parabolica Miers = Peltastes peltatus (Vell.) Woodson Stipecoma peltata (Vell.) Miers = Peltastes peltatus (Vell.) Woodson Stipecoma plicata (A.DC.) Miers = Peltastes peltatus (Vell.) Woodson Stipecoma pulchra Miers = Peltastes pulcher (Miers) J.F.Morales Stipecoma speciosa Miers = Peltastes peltatus (Vell.) Woodson"
Cooke (disambiguation);" Cooke is a surname.  Cooke may also refer to:  Cooke County, Texas Cooke City, Montana Cooke Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania Cooke Optics, a lens manufacturer Cooke triplet, an influential early lens design Cooke Locomotive and Machine Works, steam railroad locomotive manufacturer, founded in 1852 HMS Cooke (K471), a British frigate in service in the Royal Navy from 1943 to 1946 Cooke's method, a forecasting method with an expert panel, similar to the Delphi method Cook (disambiguation)"
Kolyma Bay;" The Kolyma Bay (Russian: Колымская Губа, Kolymskaya Guba) is one of the main gulfs of the East Siberian Sea.  The bay gets its name from the Kolyma Lowlands, whose coastline forms the whole eastern half of this bay. The Kolyma Lowlands are dotted with numerous lakes and swamps. The sea in this bay is frozen for over nine months every year and is often clogged with ice floes.  Kolesovsky Island and Kolesovskaya Otmel are located close to the shore in the central part of the Kolyma Bay. Further west, the Indigirka River flows into the sea on the western side of the Kolyma Bay, forming a large river delta. The Sundrun River has its mouth at the northwestern limit of the bay.[1]  The Kolyma Bay should not be confused with the larger Kolyma Gulf further east. Administratively the Kolyma Bay belongs to the Sakha Republic (Yakutia) of the Russian Federation.  This Sakha Republic location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
1995 IGA Classic – Doubles;" Patty Fendick and Meredith McGrath were the defending champions but only Fendick competed that year with Lisa Raymond.  Fendick and Raymond lost in the semifinals to Katrina Adams and Brenda Schultz.  Nicole Arendt and Laura Golarsa won in the final 6–4, 6–3 against Adams and Schultz.  Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated.   Patty Fendick /  Lisa Raymond (semifinals)  Nicole Arendt /  Laura Golarsa (champions)  Katrina Adams /  Brenda Schultz (final)  Amanda Coetzer /  Elna Reinach (first round) Q = Qualifier WC = Wild card LL = Lucky loser Alt = Alternate SE = Special exempt PR = Protected ranking ITF = ITF entry JE = Junior exempt w/o = Walkover r = Retired d = Defaulted SR = Special ranking 1995 IGA Classic Doubles Draw v t e Australian Open (S, D, X) French Open (S, D, X) Wimbledon (S, D, X) US Open (S, D, X) Tokyo Indoor (S, D) Key Biscayne (S, D) Hilton Head (S, D) Rome (S, D) Berlin (S, D) Toronto (S, D) Zürich (S, D) Philadelphia (S, D) Sydney (S, D) Chicago (S, D) Paris (S, D) Indian Wells (S, D) Delray Beach (S, D) Amelia Island (S, D) Houston (S, D) Barcelona (S, D) Eastbourne (S, D) San Diego (S, D) Manhattan Beach (S, D) Tokyo (S, D) Leipzig (S, D) Filderstadt (S, D) Brighton (S, D) Oakland (S, D) Jakarta (S, D) Oklahoma City (S, D) Linz (S, D) San Juan (S, D) Tokyo Outdoor (S, D) Zagreb (S, D) Strasbourg (S, D) Birmingham (S, D) Warsaw (S, D) Moscow (S, D) Quebec City (S, D) Hobart (S, D) Auckland (S, D) Prague (S, D) Bournemouth (S, D) Palermo (S, D) Maria Lankowitz (S, D) Nagoya (S, D) Beijing (S, D) Surabaya (S, D) Pattaya (S, D) Fed Cup"
Lafayette station (Indiana);" Lafayette station is an Amtrak station in Lafayette, Indiana, served by the Cardinal. The current station facility was established in 1994. The Amtrak train previously stopped in the middle of the city's 5th Street, near the former Monon Railroad depot.[3] The station building was moved to its current location from the southeast corner of 2nd and South streets. It is a Romanesque Revival style depot built in 1902 by the Lake Erie and Western Railroad and Cleveland, Cincinnati, Chicago and St. Louis Railway,[4] as the Big Four Depot.[5] The station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.[2]  The building is an example of early twentieth century commercial architecture. It is one of two such structures in Indiana.  It became part of the New York Central System, serving passengers through Lafayette between Cincinnati and Chicago. Lafayette was a major stop on this main artery of transportation for the NYC.[6] Several trains operated through the station in earlier years of Amtrak, examples being the Floridian, James Whitcomb Riley and the Kentucky Cardinal.   Media related to Lafayette station (Indiana) at Wikimedia Commons    This Indiana train station-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This article about a property in Tippecanoe County, Indiana on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
RV Franklin;"   The RV Franklin is an oceanographic and hydrographic research vessel. She was operated by the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO) as a national facility between 1985 and 2002.[1]    This article about a specific civilian ship or boat is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. IMO number: 8301797 MMSI number: 231781000  Faroe Islands (2011-)  Sweden (??-2011) Call sign: OZ2102 (2011-) Call sign: SEIN (??-2011)"
Tennis in Argentina;" Tennis in Argentina is regulated by the Asociación Argentina de Tenis (Argentine Tennis Association), which also selects the coaches of the Argentine teams for the Davis Cup and Federation Cup. There are many tennis courts in Argentina, and the sport, even though still considered middle- to upper-class, is practiced by regardless of age.  Although British immigrants brought the sport to Argentina, it was not until late in the 1970s that Guillermo Vilas' success made the sport popular, reaching second place in the 1975 ATP ranking. He was internationally recognised and was later included in the International Tennis Hall of Fame. During the 1980s, José Luis Clerc (4th), Alberto Mancini (8th) and Martín Jaite (10th) followed Vilas and kept interest in the sport alive. Argentina won the 1980 World Team Cup beating Italy 3–0, and reached the final of the 1980 Davis Cup, losing to United States 3–1. In the 1990s it was Gabriela Sabatini who best represented Argentine tennis, becoming an international figure on and off the court.  The boom of Argentine tennis players came in the 2000s, when many players became important in the circuit reaching high ranks. Paola Suárez won eight Grand Slam doubles between 2001 and 2005 and was, together with Spaniard Virginia Ruano Pascual, the top women's couple for three years in a row. In 2002, José Acasuso, Guillermo Cañas, Lucas Arnold and Gastón Etlis won again the World Team Cup for Argentina, this time 3–0 against Russia. Five years later, Acasuso, Juan Ignacio Chela, Agustín Calleri and Sebastián Prieto won it again, this time 2–1 against the Czech Republic. David Nalbandian lost in the final of Wimbledon in 2002. The 2004 French Open saw an Argentine final between Gastón Gaudio and Guillermo Coria. The following year's French Open saw Mariano Puerta reach the final.  Another example of the importance of the Argentine presence on the circuit was the August 2005 male rankings that counted five Argentine players among the top 12 (from 8th to 12th) of the ATP ranking, and three in the top ten of the Champions Race (5th, 8th and 9th). The 2005 Tennis Masters Cup, due to a series of last-minute resignations, had 4 Argentine players of the total of 8, with Gaudio reaching semi-finals, and Nalbandian winning the competition against #1 Roger Federer.  In 2009 Juan Martín del Potro became the first Argentinian to win the US Open since Guillermo Vilas did in 1977. Del Potro defeated world number 2 Rafael Nadal in straight sets in semifinals to reach the final and eventually beat world number 1 Roger Federer in five sets. That year Del Potro reached the final of the ATP World Tour Championship. In 2016, the Argentine Copa Davis team were crowned world champions. Juan Martín del Potro, Federico Delbonis, Leonardo Mayer and Guido Pella earned the country their first title in the sport's most important inter-country competition.      As of the 2020 French Open. "
Kaneko Ietada;" Kaneko Ietada (金子 家忠, 1138 – March 6, 1216) was a famed samurai following the Heian period of the 12th century of Japan.  Ietada served under Minamoto no Yoshitomo during the Hōgen Rebellion of 1156. Throughout this rebellion, Ietada personally fought against two brothers known as the Takama brothers (Takama Saburo, and Takama Shiro). Even though the Takama brothers were widely known for their strength in combat, Ietada got on top of Shiro, holding on to him, about to take his head. Saburo who in turn, dropped on top of Ietada, trying to keep his brother from being killed, pulled at the helmet of Ietada to face him up, intending on taking his head. Ietada followed in holding down the left and right arms of the enemy currently beneath him with his knees, yanked up the left armor skirt of Saburo (who was on top), and turning upon him, stabbed him more than three times as if both hilt and fist should sink into him.  After he flinched back, Ietada cut off the head of Shiro and raising it stuck on his sword point shouted: "In the presence of Minamoto Tametomo of Tsukushi, famed these days as a superhuman, Ietada has killed Takama Shiro and his brother". Following this, Ietada remounted his horse ready to fight another battle, proclaiming: "I, Kaneko no Juro Ietada, a resident of Musashi province, have come forth before the renowned Minamoto Tametomo of Tsukushi, and with my own hands have taken both the heads of the two mounted warriors. Observe this, both enemy and allies! A feat rarely achieved either in ancient times or the present!...I am the Ietada who wishes to bequeth his name to generations to come. If there are warriors among Tametomo's band who feel they are my match, let them come and grapple with me.".  Ietada is singled out as an example of the honor of samurai and prowess by the author of Hogen Monogatari:  The Samurai Sourcebook"
Ross Township Municipal Building shooting;" The Ross Township Municipal Building shooting occurred just after 7:00 p.m. on August 5, 2013, in Saylorsburg, Pennsylvania, United States, a small town in Monroe County. A gunman went on a shooting rampage at a public meeting of township supervisors in the municipal building, leaving three people dead and three others injured. The gunman, identified as Rockne Warren Newell, was described as having long feuded with township officials.  While approaching the building on foot, Newell fired a .223 Ruger Mini-14 rifle into the building 28 times, through windows. Then, he went back to his car to retrieve a 6-shot .44 Magnum Revolver before entering the building and the meeting room. There, he began shooting the handgun at meeting attendees. While the gunman was still shooting, two men struggled with him over the gun. They subdued, disarmed, and held him, preventing further deaths and injuries.  Linda Kozic, Frank Pirano, and Howard Beers were injured, while David Fleetwood, Gerard Kozic, and James "Vinny" LaGuardia were fatally wounded. During the struggle over the gun with Bernard Kozen and Mark Krashe, the gunman was wounded in the leg with his own weapon.[1][2][3]  Attorneys William Ruzzo and Michael E. Weinstein were assigned to Newell's defense in August 2013,[4] and remained his attorneys for the duration of the trial. Newell pleaded guilty to three counts of first degree murder and attempted murder charges on May 29, 2015, and was sentenced to three life terms as well as an additional 61 to 122 years for the attempted murder charges and is currently imprisoned in the State Correctional Institution – Rockview[5][6]  .223 Ruger Mini-14 .44 Magnum 6-shot revolver Kirkwood City Council shooting, a similar earlier case Carl Drega, a similar earlier case Moscone–Milk assassinations, a similar earlier case James E. Davis (councilman), a New York City councilman, who was assassinated in city hall"
Braunerite;" Braunerite is a hydrous uranyl carbonate mineral discovered by Jakub Plášil of the Institute of Physics at the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic and colleagues in the Svornost mine in the Jáchymov ore district, Western Bohemia, Czech Republic.[2]  Braunerite crystals are yellow and have a glassy luster. The mineral is chemically similar to línekite. The type material is deposited in the collections of the Department of Mineralogy and Petrology, National Museum, Prague, Czech Republic, and the mineralogical collections of the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County.[3]  Czech Republic: Svornost Mine, Jáchymov, Jáchymov District, Krušné Hory Mts, Karlovy Vary Region, Bohemia     This article about a specific carbonate mineral is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Gus Honeybun;"  Gus Honeybun was the station mascot for Westward Television, and later Television South West, from 1961 to December 1992.[1] A puppet rabbit, and star of Gus Honeybun's Magic Birthdays, he achieved a longevity for a TV puppet second only to the Sooty characters.[2]  The clips were filmed at Westward/TSW's Plymouth studios in the Derry's Cross part of the city. There were four different Gus Honeybun puppets and TSW employed a person to create Gus Honeybun's wardrobe. Gus had a theme tune composed by TV composer Ed Welch. A short video was made to accompany it, featuring Gus and several TSW presenters walking around in Plymouth. A 7" picture disc single of the theme song was released in 1987 to several local record shops. Other Gus merchandise available included cuddly toy puppets, keyrings and car stickers. One car sticker said "Watch Gus on TSW!" and had his face and the TSW logo on it.  The character was devised to fill unsold advertising slots during children's TV broadcasts. Several ITV franchise stations had at one time had a regional birthdays slot (often following Children's ITV or the predecessor children's television slot) with a continuity announcer and puppet announcing children's birthdays. With Gus, the announcer would read out a birthday card and the puppet would give a jump, known as a bunny hop, for each year of the child's life. Alternatives to bunny hops were ear waggles, head stands, winks and later "putting out the lights" and a colour-distorting "magic button". Gus appeared with virtually every Westward/TSW presenter, including the late Ian Stirling, Fern Britton, Judi Spiers, David Fitzgerald, Ruth Langsford and Sally Meen. The character was given the full name Augustus Jeremiah Honeybun by some continuity announcers, and was said to have been found under a gorse bush on Dartmoor in 1961 by the founders of Westward Television.  During the TSW era, Gus was broadcast twice a day on weekdays (before and after Children's ITV), and usually once a day at weekends. The show usually lasted about 2 or 3 minutes per episode. From 1987 to 1990, TSW used to often opt out of showing the first and last Children's ITV in-vision continuity links of the day so it could fit in Gus' birthday slot on weekday afternoons.  There was also a TSW-/Gus-branded Hoppa bus, made by local bus and coach company Western National. It was in regular use on most service routes until TSW's demise in 1992.  Gus Honeybun attracted a cult following and it was not unknown for adults to write in requesting "bunny hops" etc. 12 was the official age limit for having a birthday read out on air, so people of 40 were presented as being 4 and so on.[3]  Gus Honeybun was so identified with regional television in the south-west that when TSW's managing director Harry Turner presented the station's ITV franchise renewal in 1991 he took Gus with him.[1]  However, Gus's Magic Birthdays series and his career at the station were ended at the start of 1993, when Westcountry Television took over from TSW after winning the franchise.  The last ever Gus Honeybun programme, aired on 31 December 1992, at the tail end of the final TSW Today, which paid tribute to the station's 11 years of service, saw Gus returned to the moor and reunited with his rabbit family with the help of continuity announcers Ruth Langsford and David Fitzgerald. The successor ITV franchise Westcountry did provide a programme called Birthday People, but this was cancelled in 2004.  The puppet was spoofed on Victoria Wood As Seen On TV by Susie Blake's continuity announcer character accompanied by 'Wally Wallaby'. Terry Wogan for some time referred to Gloria Hunniford (whose show preceded his on national BBC Radio 2) as Gloria Honeybun.  In the post-apocalyptic novel by Jasper Fforde entitled Shades of Grey, which is set 1500 years into the future, Devon and Cornwall are known as 'The Honeybun Peninsula'.  Cornwall portal Gus at Flambards [1] South West Film & Television Archive"
Rose Lavelle;"   Rosemary Kathleen Lavelle (born May 14, 1995) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder for OL Reign of the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL), and for the United States national team.  Lavelle represented the United States at multiple youth levels before making her senior international debut in 2017. After finishing her collegiate career with the Wisconsin Badgers in 2016, Lavelle began her professional career with Boston Breakers before moving to Washington Spirit a year later. She started six games for the United States at the 2019 World Cup, scoring three goals, and was awarded the Bronze Ball. The same year, she was named the sixth best player in the world at The Best FIFA Football Awards 2019 and was named to the 2019 FIFA FIFPro World XI. In the 2020 Olympics, she scored one goal for the United States on the way to a bronze medal.  Lavelle was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, to parents Marty and Janet, and was raised with three siblings, John, Nora and Mary.[2] She played competitive soccer initially with GSSA Sycamore United Club before moving to Lakota United Soccer Club and later with Cincinnati United Premier Soccer Club. She credits her love of soccer to long-time Cincinnati Soccer Trainer Neil Bradford, who began as her trainer at age 8 and predicted her rise to the Women's Soccer National Team as a youth.[3] As part of a third-grade book report, Lavelle chose to write about professional soccer star Mia Hamm.[4]  A four-year varsity girls' soccer player at Mount Notre Dame High School, Lavelle was named Cincinnati's Player of the Year by The Cincinnati Enquirer her senior year. The same year, she scored 15 goals (38 points) for her team. Lavelle finished her high school career as the team's leading scorer with 57 goals. She was twice-named NSCAA All-Region, as a junior and senior, and received first-team all-state honors. She was awarded the Greater Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky Sports Women of the Year award in 2013.[2]  Lavelle was accepted to play college soccer at the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 2013. A four-year starter, Lavelle made 19 appearances as a freshman, scoring 6 goals and registering 7 assists on the way to being named Big Ten Conference Freshman of the Year.[5] Wisconsin won the Big Ten Women's Soccer Tournament in 2014.[6] Lavelle was named Big Ten midfielder of the year consecutively in 2015 and 2016.[7] In 2015, she was also named first-team All-American by the National Soccer Coaches Association of America (NSCAA),[8] the first Wisconsin Badger to do so since 1991.[2]  Lavelle played with the Dayton Dutch Lions in the USL W-League during the 2014 season.[9] During her college break in the summer of 2015, Lavelle played for the Seattle Sounders Women of the W-League, where she was named all-league.[10][11] After the W-League folded she returned to the Lions for the 2016 Women's Premier Soccer League season.[12]  On January 12, 2017, Lavelle was selected number one overall at the 2017 NWSL College Draft by the Boston Breakers.[13] Lavelle started her professional career by scoring two goals in eight games and was named Player of the Month for April.[14] However, after suffering a hamstring injury in June while on international duty, Lavelle missed over two months and finished the season with only ten appearances as a rookie.[15] The Breakers folded before the start of the 2018 season.[16]  A dispersal draft was held by the NWSL to distribute Breakers players across the league. Lavelle was selected first overall by Washington Spirit, who acquired the first pick through a trade with Sky Blue FC.[17] Due to injury and international duty Lavelle appeared in only eleven games for the Spirit in 2018.[18] Despite making only six appearances the following year due to international duty, scoring one goal and recording one assist, Lavelle was named to the 2019 NWSL Best XI in the end of the season awards.[19] With the 2020 season affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, Lavelle took part in the 2020 NWSL Challenge Cup, making four appearances and scoring one goal as Washington finished second in the preliminary group but were eliminated in the first knockout round by Sky Blue FC on penalties.[20][21]  On August 16, 2020, Lavelle was traded to OL Reign in exchange for OL Reign's natural first-round pick in the 2022 NWSL College Draft, $100,000 in allocation money, and further performance-based allocation money with the acknowledgement that she would be signing outside the league.[22][23]  On August 18, 2020, Lavelle signed with Manchester City of the English FA WSL ahead of the 2020–21 season.[24] She scored her first goal on October 7, 2020 in a 3–1 win over Everton in the 2020–21 FA Women's League Cup,[25] scoring her second goal against Liverpool a month later in the same competition.[26] On January 31, 2021, Lavelle scored her first WSL goal as a substitute during City's 4–0 win over West Ham United.[27]  On May 17, 2021, OL Reign announced the return of Lavelle to the NWSL as an allocated player having acquired her playing rights prior to her move to England in August 2020.[22][28]  Lavelle represented the United States at multiple youth levels. On November 24, 2015, Lavelle was called up to train with the senior United States women's national soccer team.[2] One of eight players who joined the team's Victory Tour following the 2015 Women's World Cup, she earned her first senior international cap on March 4, 2017, during a match against England at the 2017 SheBelieves Cup.[29] She was named Player of the Match following the team's 1–0 loss.[30]  In September 2018, Lavelle was named to the national team roster for the 2018 CONCACAF Women's Championship, the qualifying tournament for the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup.[31] She appeared in all five games for the U.S. and scored three goals. Her final goal of the tournament was scored in the second minute of the championship game against Canada, helping the U.S to a 2–0 victory, and their second straight CONCACAF Championship.[32]  Lavelle started six games for the U.S. at the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup in France, scored three goals, and was awarded the Bronze Ball at the FIFA Women's World Cup awards as the third best player in the tournament.[33][34][35] During the team's first group stage match against Thailand, Lavelle scored a brace helping the U.S. win 13–0. During the U.S. knockout round match against Spain, she drew a penalty kick that was converted by Megan Rapinoe to seal the team's 2–1 win and advance to the quarterfinals.[36] Lavelle scored the U.S.' second goal in the final against the Netherlands helping the team win 2–0.[37]  Lavelle was named one of the world's top 11 players by The Best FIFA Football Awards 2019[38] (finishing sixth), and was chosen as one of the world's top three midfielders by her professional peers in the 2019 FIFA FIFPro World XI.[39]  In July 2021, she was named to the roster for the delayed 2020 Tokyo Olympics.[40] Lavelle appeared in all six games as the team won the bronze medal, losing to Canada 1–0 in the semi-final before beating Australia 4–3 in the third-place playoff.[41] She scored one goal at the tournament, during a 6–1 group stage win over New Zealand.[42]  off 57' (on Lloyd)   off 63' (on Press)   off 89' (on Horan)  off 63' (on Horan)  off 65' (on Mewis)   off 80' (on Mewis)  off 67' (on Mewis)  off 87' (on Mewis)  on 57' (off Mewis)  on 61' (off Mewis)  Wisconsin Badgers  Manchester City  OL Reign  United States  Individual  Rose has a pet bulldog named Wilma Jean Wrinkles.  In 2020, Lavelle was named a brand ambassador for FLIGHT by Yuengling, a premium light beer.[87] "
Andreas Charitou;" Andreas Charitou (Greek: Ανδρέας Χαρίτου, born 29 December 1961) is a Cypriot retired football goalkeeper who played the majority of his career for Omonia Nicosia.  Charitou made his debut for Cyprus in a September 1984 friendly match against Greece and earned a total of 15 caps, scoring no goals. His final international was a November 1991 Euro Championship qualifier against the Soviet Union.[2]  In a Euro 1988 qualifier on 28 October 1987, in Rotterdam,[3] a homemade bomb made of fireworks in a tennisball[4] exploded close to Charitou in the early stages of the game.[5] He was subsequently stretchered off and replaced, and the Cypriot players left the field in protest and refused to continue playing.  After much pressure from the Dutch team, Luxembourg referee Roger Philippi decided the game could continue. The match ended 8–0 with John Bosman establishing a Dutch national-team record of five goals in one game, but UEFA decided that the match was invalid and Cyprus were awarded a 0–3 victory instead, giving Greece the opportunity to qualify, the Dutch successfully appealed, with Dr. Greep stating that Charitou was not actually injured, which resulted in a replay in Amsterdam. Holland duly qualified and won the 1988 Euro Championships.[6]  This biographical article relating to Cypriot association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. AC Omonia Cypriot Championship (7): 1981–82, 1982–83, 1983–84, 1984–85, 1986–87, 1988–89, 1992–93 Cypriot Cup (5): 1981–82, 1982–83, 1987–88, 1990–91, 1993–94 Stylianakis Shield (7): 1981, 1982, 1983, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1991 Cypriot Championship (7): 1981–82, 1982–83, 1983–84, 1984–85, 1986–87, 1988–89, 1992–93 Cypriot Cup (5): 1981–82, 1982–83, 1987–88, 1990–91, 1993–94 Stylianakis Shield (7): 1981, 1982, 1983, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1991 CFA Moral Footballer of the Year (1): 1987 1998 Fair Play Ambassador of Cyprus Sports Organization"
Jing Chunhua;" Jing Chunhua (Chinese: 景春华, pinyin: Jǐng Chūnhuá, born February 1956) is a former Chinese politician who spent most of his career in Hebei province. Beginning in 2008, Jing served as the Secretary-General of the Hebei Provincial Communist Party Committee, in charge of coordination and implementation. Prior to that, Jing served as party chief of Hengshui, a prefecture-level city. He was investigated in March 2015 by the Communist Party's anti-graft agency, suspected of corruption.  Si was born and raised in Guangrao, Shandong province in 1956. Jing joined the Communist Party in 1976.[1] He began work in 1973 as a labourer in a mine and a team leader of the youth group. He entered the mine's management office in 1978. In 1983, he became deputy head, then head of the organization department of the mine, in charge of human resources. He also earned a diploma part-time at Hebei Broadcasting and Television College in Chinese language. In 1987 he began heading the Communist Youth League (CYL) organization in the city, a position he stayed on for the next five years. He was then made deputy CYL Secretary in Hebei province while studying economics at the Central Party School.  In 1995 he was again elevated to lead the CYL organization in the province, earning the rank equivalent to a provincial department director. He again took up part-time studies, this time studying global economics at Hebei University. In 1997 he was named deputy party chief of Chengde while maintaining his department director rank. He engaged in yet another study stint, this time in "scientific socialism."[1]  In July 2001, he was named acting mayor of Chengde, and confirmed as mayor formally in March 2002. He served until 2006, during which time he attended Tianjin University to engage in further studies in "management science and engineering". He finally earned a full-fledged executive position as head of the party (the highest political office) in Hengshui in July 2006, at age 50.[1]  In October 2008 he became Secretary-General of the Hebei Provincial Party Committee. The position is in charge of coordinating different individuals and organizations to implement party policy in the province. In January 2011 he entered the top ranks of the province by earning a seat on the provincial Party Standing Committee.[1] After Xi Jinping became the General Secretary of the Chinese Communist Party in November 2012, a large campaign began emphasizing the "mass line". As part of this campaign, officials were expected to criticize themselves.  Jing took part in democratic life meetings of the provincial party leadership. Jing said he "did not pay enough attention to detail," and did not "uphold democratic centralism" because he didn't speak too often during standing committee meetings. In September 2013, Jing attended a democratic life meeting presided over by Xi Jinping himself, during which Jing said he had become "too pretentious and too prideful" over the years and often forgot that he was still a civil servant.[2]  In April 2014, Jing became the head of the provincial reform office, overseeing major reform initiatives, ostensibly a position of high responsibility, as "deepening reform" was high on the agenda of the Xi-Li Administration. On March 3, 2015, prior the opening of the annual "two sessions" conference in Beijing, state media announced Jing was undergoing investigation by the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection.[1] Jing was the second official of provincial-level rank from Hebei province to fall from grace in Xi Jinping's anti-corruption drive, after provincial party organization chief Liang Bin, who was detained in 2014. However, Liang's case is believed to be related to his term in office in Shanxi province, where he served prior to coming to Hebei. Jing, on the other hand, spent his entire political career in Hebei.[2] The announcement to investigate Jing also broke an unspoken rule that investigations of high-ranking officials would not be announced during the annual convening of the Chinese legislature in March.  On May 8, 2015, at the conclusion of the investigation by the CCDI, Jing was expelled from the Communist Party. The investigation concluded that Jing used his position of power to further the interests of others and promote associates in exchange for bribes, and that he committed "adultery." He was indicted on charges of bribery and transferred to judicial authorities for prosecution.[3]  On December 23, 2016, Jing was sentenced to 18 years in prison. "
Paul Gentilozzi;" Paul Gentilozzi (born February 6, 1950 in Lansing, Michigan) is a race car driver and businessman. His non-racing business interests are real estate development, principally developing office buildings for institutions and Government Agencies.  Prior to his involvement in motor racing, he received his Business Degree from Michigan State University. In 1985 he founded the successful Rocketsports Racing team that has competed in the Trans-Am series, Champ Car World Series and The International Motorsports Association. As a driver he has won five drivers championships[1] and nine manufacturers championships while holding the Trans Am record for wins, poles, top three finishes and prize monies won. With 31 Trans Am wins, the most in series history, eclipsing the record held by Mark Donohue and 11 IMSA wins. He has run a number of different manufacturers including Oldsmobile, Ferrari, Ford, Nissan, Chevrolet, and most recently Jaguar. Previous to this he was involved in NHRA Drag Racing, successfully driving many Plymouth and Dodge vehicles. In 2009 he formed RSR Racing with his sons Anthony and John Gentilozzi.  He teamed up with three other drivers to win the 1994 24 Hours of Daytona,[2] his biggest win as a driver. He and Scott Pruett won the GTS class at the 2002 Daytona 24 hour event.  He has fielded Champ Cars for rookie of the year Timo Glock, Alex Tagliani, Mario Dominguez, Antonio Pizzonia and 2004 Star Mazda series champion Michael McDowell, while running three Trans-Am cars for himself, Hollywood advertising executive/racer Tomy Drissi and that year's series champion Klaus Graf of Germany and Television star Craig T. Nelson.  Gentilozzi and fellow Champ Car owners Gerald Forsythe and Kevin Kalkhoven purchased the assets of Champ Car following a financially difficult 2003 season.[3] Judge Frank Otte ruled in favor of the trio, known as Open Wheel Racing Series LLC, over rival bidder Tony George, the chairman/CEO of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway and the Indy Racing League.[4]  In 2008, the series was merged with the Indy Racing League.[5][6]  (key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.)    This biographical article related to United States auto racing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Romang (island);" Romang is an island, part of Barat Daya Islands in Indonesia, located at 7°35′00″S 127°26′00″E﻿ / ﻿7.5833333°S 127.4333333°E﻿ / -7.5833333, 127.4333333, east of Wetar Island. Alternate names in use are Roma, Romonu and Fataluku.[1] It is included within the Terselatan Islands District (Kecamatan Pulau-Pulau Terselatan) within the Barat Daya Islands Regency of the Maluku Province, the District also includes the smaller (but more highly populated) Kisar Island further south.    This article about a location in Maluku Province is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This article about an island is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. IEST (UTC+09:00)"
Sidney Robinson (British politician);"   Sidney Robinson (6 January 1863 – 6 December 1956) was a Liberal Party politician and Timber trader.  He was the fourth son of John Robinson, of Backwell House, Somerset. He was educated at Mill Hill School. He married in 1887, Catherine Flora Grant of Cardiff. She died in 1935.[1]  In 1880 he moved to Cardiff and worked in the timber trade with Messrs. John Grant & Co. He subsequently bought the company and then became a partner with T.W. David. They renamed the business Robinson, David & Co. He was elected President of the Bristol Channel Timber Importers Association.[2]  In 1895 he was elected as a Liberal to Cardiff Town Council representing Splott Ward. He stood down from the Council in 1901. He opposed the Conservative Government's Education Bill which drew him back into Cardiff politics. He became President of Cardiff Liberal Association.[2] He was elected to the House of Commons at his first attempt, at the 1906 general election, for the Breconshire constituency. He had been selected in succession to Liberal MP, Charles Morley who had held the seat since 1895.  In 1907 he was appointed as a Justice of the Peace to serve in Glamorgan.[1] He was re-elected at both the January 1910 and December 1910 elections.  From 1911 he served as a Justice of the Peace in Wiltshire and Somerset.[1] For the 1918 General Election there were boundary changes that merged Robinson's Breconshire constituency with the Radnorshire constituency of his Liberal colleague Sir Francis Edwards to form the new Brecon and Radnorshire constituency. Robinson was chosen by the new local Liberal Association to contest the seat and Edwards retired from parliament. Robinson's candidacy was further endorsed by Lloyd George and the Coalition Government, which was enough to deter any other candidate from standing.  With the approach of the 1922 general election, Robinson retired from parliament at the age of 59.  Resident in Bath, Somerset, after his retirement from national politics he assumed a number of roles with local charities. "
Bugs Bunny: Superstar;" Bugs Bunny: Superstar is a 1975 Looney Tunes documentary film narrated by Orson Welles and produced and directed by Larry Jackson.[1] It was the first documentary to examine the history of Warner Bros. cartoons.  The film includes nine Looney Tunes/Merrie Melodies cartoons (six featuring Bugs Bunny) which were previously released during the 1940s:  Bugs Bunny: Superstar includes interviews with some legendary Warner Bros. animation directors of that period: Friz Freleng, Tex Avery and most prominently Bob Clampett. Clampett, whose collection of drawings, films, and memorabilia from the golden days of Termite Terrace was legendary, provided nearly all of the behind-the-scenes drawings and home-movie footage for the film, furthermore, his wife, Sody Clampett, is credited as the film's production co-ordinator. Robert McKimson, Mel Blanc, and Chuck Jones were intended to be interviewed for the film, but all three were ultimately not involved for various reasons.[2] Freleng and Avery appear only fleetingly in the film, according to Jackson, Freleng was laconic and did not reveal much, and while Avery talked at length and was entertaining, relatively little of what he said could be used for the film.  Approximately 30 minutes of the film's 90-minute duration is made up of documentary footage.  The nine full-length cartoons featured in Bugs Bunny: Superstar were originally released between July 1940 and April 1948. In 1956, Associated Artists Productions ("a.a.p.") acquired the distribution rights to Warners' pre-August 1948 color cartoons. United Artists acquired a.a.p. in 1958 and thereby gained the rights to the aforementioned Warners cartoons, this is why United Artists distributed Bugs Bunny: Superstar and why Warner's compilation films of the 1970s and 1980s did not feature any pre-1948 cartoons. (Warner eventually re-acquired the rights to its pre-August 1948 cartoons after the 1996 Time Warner-Turner merger). Larry Jackson sought, unsuccessfully, to feature post-1948 Warners cartoons in his film.  Jackson had cultivated a friendship with Orson Welles and originally intended the bridging material of Bugs Bunny: Superstar to be a parody of Welles' Citizen Kane (1941). Welles' reluctance towards that idea ensured that Jackson's film would be a straightforward documentary, however, Welles did agree to provide narration for the film. The audio quality of Welles' narration was muffled, which did not escape the notice of critics. Writing for The New York Times, Vincent Canby remarked that "Orson Welles bridges the gaps with facetious narration that sounds as if it had been left on someone's Phone-Mate."[3] Larry Jackson later revealed he was unaware that Welles had recorded his lines in stereo. Only one track of Welles' recording – from the microphone that was furthest away – was used in the film's final mix, accounting for the relatively poor audio quality of the narration.  Upon its theatrical release, Bugs Bunny: Superstar was marketed with the tagline, "You won't believe how much you missed as a kid!" According to Larry Jackson, this was a reference to how audiences accustomed to watching Warner Bros. cartoons on television were unaware of the history behind those cartoons. Jackson commented that Bugs Bunny: Superstar outgrossed The Rocky Horror Picture Show during its original run. Jackson also recounts being personally complimented by Paul Simon, who was a fan of the film.  Contemporary critics pointed out that Bob Clampett's important role as one of the primary developers of the early Warner cartoons was noticeably slanted due to his prominent presence in Bugs Bunny: Superstar. In an audio commentary recorded for the 2012 DVD release, Larry Jackson claimed that in order to secure Clampett's participation and access to Clampett's collection of Warners history (memorabilia, drawings, films, photographs etc.), he had to sign a contract that stipulated Clampett would host the documentary, select the cartoons featured, and have approval over the final cut. Jackson further claimed that Clampett was very reluctant to speak about the other directors and their contributions. According to Jackson, Clampett was "insecure" about his place in the legacy of Warner Bros. cartoons. Furthermore, several of the cartoons featured in Bugs Bunny: Superstar are the "Blue Ribbon" versions which lack opening titles (including director credits). However, the three Clampett-directed cartoons are the original versions, preserving Clampett's director credit.  The documentary infuriated many of the Warner Bros. artists, as Clampett liberally took credit for several iconic Warner characters. Clampett implied that he was the creator of Bugs Bunny, claiming that he used Clark Gable's carrot-eating scene in It Happened One Night as inspiration for the character. (Although he never made the claim in Bugs Bunny: Superstar itself, Clampett further took credit for drawing the model sheet for the first Porky Pig cartoon I Haven't Got a Hat (1935), even though it was actually drawn by Friz Freleng.) Subsequently, Chuck Jones pointedly left out Clampett's name in the 1979 compilation film The Bugs Bunny/Road Runner Movie when Bugs discusses his "fathers" (i.e. Jones and other Warner's directors). Although Chuck Jones opted to not contribute to Bugs Bunny: Superstar, Jackson claimed he remained friends with Jones for many years.  The release of Bugs Bunny: Superstar, in fact, brought to a head resentments that had grown between Chuck Jones and Bob Clampett for years. In June 1969, animation historian Michael Barrier interviewed Clampett for an article that appeared in issue #12 of Funnyworld magazine (fall 1970). In the course of the interview, Clampett implied or outright claimed to be the creator of characters such as Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Porky Pig, Sniffles, and Yosemite Sam.[4] The publication of this interview, as well as the release of Bugs Bunny: Superstar, drew the ire of Chuck Jones, who responded by writing a letter (dated 11 December 1975) and enlisting Tex Avery to make annotations (dated 22 December 1975). Jones's letter, which was publicly circulated, refers to "the grossly unfair misrepresentations of BUGS BUNNY SUPER STAR," adding,  ...[Larry] Jackson may have acted in innocence though [Michael] Barrier insists on the Clampett version even in the face of protests from Tex, Friz and me. Well, innocence and stubbornness are equal thieves in the night when they steal the good names of good men, particularly Tex Avery and Friz Freleng who together forged the style and character of Warner Bros. animated films until some of the rest of us grew up and realized how fortunate we were to find ourselves in such an environment.[5] For his part, Barrier stated in a 1992 essay that both Jones and Clampett were enthusiastic self-promoters that were "more hazardous to the interviewer was [their] fundamentally innocent tendency to take for granted that [they] stood at the center of the Warner cartoon universe."[6]  Bugs Bunny: Superstar was first released in theaters on December 19, 1975.  The film was released on laserdisc and VHS/Betamax format during the late 1980s by MGM/UA Home Video.[7]  It was re-released on DVD on November 14, 2006, as a two-part special feature in the box set Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 4. While most of the individual cartoons had been previously released as separate, refurbished entries in the Golden Collection, Bugs Bunny: Superstar was not restored, with some age wear apparent from the original film stock. All but two cartoons were replaced by versions created by Turner Entertainment Co. in 1995. The Old Grey Hare used an original a.a.p. print (evidenced by the a.a.p. opening soundtrack) to preserve the ending gag involving the "That's all, Folks" title card, which was lost in the Turner updated version. I Taw a Putty Tat was also restored to the a.a.p. print, as the Turner version contained an edit to remove a blackface gag. Aside from leaving in the edited scene, however, the print on the set is basically the same as the Turner version.  On November 15, 2012, Warner Home Video released the documentary on DVD as part of the Warner Archive Collection.[8] This version includes audio commentary by Larry Jackson. Reviewing the Bugs Bunny: Superstar DVD in 2012, animation writer Thad Komorowski wrote,  As [Larry] Jackson reminds us, hardly anything on the Warner cartoons had been written in the dark world of the mid-1970s, and the directors had every right to toot their own horns. Jackson is too gracious to say so, but Bugs Bunny Superstar was, unquestionably, a method of Clampett's to spin the gospel of Looney Tunes his own way... The final film is entertaining, and certainly not malicious in its short shrifts to the other directors. It was more or less a celluloid version of Bob Clampett himself: largely accurate, positively endearing, and takes for granted that the sun shone out of Bob Clampett's every orifice at Termite Terrace when it often didn't. It was a low-budget thing, its sole purpose to make people view the Warner cartoons beyond Saturday morning treacle.[9] December 19, 1975 (1975-12-19) (premiere) What's Cookin' Doc? (1944), directed by Bob Clampett The Wild Hare (a.k.a. A Wild Hare) (1940), directed by Tex Avery A Corny Concerto (1943), directed by Clampett I Taw a Putty Tat (1948), directed by Friz Freleng Rhapsody Rabbit (1946), directed by  Freleng Walky Talky Hawky (1946), directed by Robert McKimson My Favorite Duck (1942), directed by Chuck Jones Hair-Raising Hare (1946), directed by Jones The Old Grey Hare (1944), directed by Clampett List of American films of 1975 Golden Age of American animation Compilation film"
Jervis Inlet;" Jervis Inlet[2] (locally /ˈdʒɑːrvɪs/ JAR-viss)[3] is one of the principal inlets of the British Columbia Coast, about 95 km (59 mi) northwest of Vancouver, and the third of such inlets north of the 49th parallel, the first of which is Burrard Inlet, Vancouver's harbour.[4]  It stretches 89 km (55 mi) from its head at the mouth of the short (18 km or 11 mi) Skwawka River to its opening into the Strait of Georgia near Texada Island. It is the deepest fjord on the British Columbia coast with a maximum depth of 670 m (2,200 ft).[1]  The inlet is made up of three arms or reaches:  At its uppermost stretch is Queens Reach, which takes a sharp right-angle often seen in fjord areas, to become Princess Royal Reach. Both reaches are about 20 km (12 mi) in length. The flanks of the fjord and the valley of the Skwawka River, which feeds the head of the inlet, are the site of two of Canada's highest waterfalls, James Bruce Falls (840 m or 2,760 ft) and Alfred Creek Falls at 700 m (2,300 ft).  The most frequented and best known inlet in the area is Princess Louisa Inlet, with the Malibu Club and Young Life Camp at the Malibu Rapids, the entrance of the inlet, and Princess Louisa Marine Provincial Park, including Chatterbox Falls, at its head.  At the mouth of Jervis Inlet a passenger and vehicle ferry operated by BC Ferries connects Earls Cove (on the upper end of the Sechelt Peninsula and lower Sunshine Coast) with Saltery Bay (on the bottom end of the Malaspina Peninsula and upper Sunshine Coast).  The mouth of Sechelt Inlet connects with Jervis Inlet in the area of Earls Cove.  Population is sparse on the shores of Jervis Inlet and there is no road access to the area. Industry includes small operations in aquaculture, commercial fishing and logging, but a substantial number of independent power projects are expected to develop in coming years[when?].  The head of Jervis Inlet was once a seasonal settlement of one of the four groups that make up today's amalgamated Shishalh, who called it xénichen (often anglicized as Hunaechin).[6]  George Vancouver named the inlet after the 1791–1795 expedition to search for the fabled Northwest Passage. In the Royal Navy tradition, Vancouver named this main waterway after his friend Rear Admiral Sir John Jervis (Earl of St. Vincent) for his victory over the Spanish fleet on February 14, 1797 at Cape St. Vincent in Portugal.[7] He named St. Vincent's Bay (near the entrance of Jervis Inlet) after the location of the battle, St. Vincent Bay.[8]  The three specific reaches of the inlet and mountains were named in the 1860 survey by HMS Plumper, which charted the known area in honour of members of Queen Victoria's family.[8]  The waterways named during this survey mission were: Princess Louisa Inlet, Queens Reach, Princess Royal Reach, and Prince of Wales Reach. Also named were the main mountains of the area:  In the early 1900s, logging and commercial fishing developed in the Jervis Inlet area. Relatively large logging camps operated at Goliath Bay, Vancouver Bay and Hotham Sound, commercial fishing was conducted by owner-operators based in Egmont, Pender Harbour and Saltery Bay, and several fish-processing plants operated in Egmont, Pender Harbour and Saltery Bay.  A sailboat explores Princess Royal Reach of the Jervis Inlet.  Mount Arthur and Mount Frederick William from the entrance of the Princess Louisa Inlet.  Jervis Inlet at dusk.  Mount Alfred seen from the inlet.  Mount Alfred from a logging road along the inlet.  Mount Arthur rising above the Jervis Inlet  Prince of Wales Reach Princess Royal Reach Queens Reach Mount Alfred Mount Frederick William Mount Arthur Mount Wellington Mount Alice Mount Victoria Mount Helena Mount Albert Jervis Inlet Gallery    A sailboat explores Princess Royal Reach of the Jervis Inlet.       Mount Arthur and Mount Frederick William from the entrance of the Princess Louisa Inlet.       Jervis Inlet at dusk.       Mount Alfred seen from the inlet.       Mount Alfred from a logging road along the inlet.       Mount Arthur rising above the Jervis Inlet   "
John Culbert (Australian politician);"  John Culbert (22 February 1888 – 19 August 1943) was an Australian politician.  He was born in Camperdown to carpenter James Culbert and Annie Josephine Farrelly. He was educated at Newtown and became a messenger boy with the Government Printing Office before working in timbermills. On 10 September 1913 he married Delia Winifred Brady, with whom he had two sons. He was state secretary of the Australian Timberworkers Union from 1920 to 1943 and later federal president. From 1925 to 1943 he was a Labor member of the New South Wales Legislative Council. He was arrested in 1929 after the Timber Workers strike but was found not guilty of conspiracy. Culbert died in Annandale in 1943.[1] "
Orsonnette;" Orsonnette (French pronunciation: ​[ɔʁsɔnɛt], Occitan: Orsonede) is a former commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.[2] On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Nonette-Orsonnette.[3]      This Puy-de-Dôme geographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Communes of the Puy-de-Dôme department"
Sherbro language;" The Sherbro language (also known as Southern Bullom, Shiba, Amampa, Mampa, and Mampwa) is an endangered language of Sierra Leone.  It belongs to the Mel branch of the Niger–Congo language family.  While Sherbro has more speakers than the other Bullom languages, its use is declining among the Sherbro people, in favor of Krio and English.   The first recorded publication in Sherbro is a selection of seven parables from Matthew and Luke in the New Testament.  This was translated by James Schön of the Church Missionary Society (CMS) and published in 1839.    This article about Atlantic languages is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This Sierra Leone–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.  Atlantic–CongoMelBullom–KissiBullomSouthernSherbro MelBullom–KissiBullomSouthernSherbro Bullom–KissiBullomSouthernSherbro BullomSouthernSherbro SouthernSherbro Sherbro"
Bangladeshi Cyclists;" Bangladeshi Cyclists (Bengali: বাংলাদেশী সাইক্লিস্টস) or BDCyclists is a cycling group in Bangladesh. The group was started by Mozammel Haque, a software developer, and his friends in May 2011.[1][2] The group states, as one of their goals, that they aim to convert 5% of the car owning crowd of Dhaka to cycle commuters.[3]  In the past, the group has organized about three bicycle rides every week, titled Bike Friday, BDC Nightriders and Josshila Saturday.[4] About 250 cyclists would join in the Bike Friday event.[5] On January 24, 2014, BDCyclists organized its 100th Bike Friday.[6][7] It also organizes the Critical Mass, a cycling event that is held every month in 300 cities around the world.[3][4][8]  To promote cycling,  BDCyclists has arranged cycling lessons every Saturday morning in Dhaka known as the BDCyclists Beginner's Lesson.[4][9] The group has also organized yearly rides to celebrate the national days such as the Independence Day (স্বাধীনতা দিবস),[10][11][12] Bengali New Year Day (পহেলা বৈশাখ)[13] and Victory Day (বিজয় দিবস).[14] It has also organized several social and community events throughout the country, such as the 64 Good Acts or the Eid Mubarak Ride.   During the "Eid Mubarak Ride" members of the group distributed gifts to the underprivileged, especially underprivileged children in Dhaka on the morning of Eid Day.[15]  In 2021, the groups cycling team, TeamBDC, set a relay cycling world record, travelling 1,670 kilometers in 48 hours.[16]  As of 2022, the group's Facebook page consisted of one and a half lakh members.[17]  BDCyclists was the holder of the Guinness World Records for 'Longest single line of bicycles (moving)' from 2016 to 2019.[18] BDCyclists made this record on December 16, 2016 (Victory day of Bangladesh), when 1,186 cyclists rode their bicycles in a continuous single line in Dhaka, Bangladesh.  Bangladesh Sport in Bangladesh"
Caldera;"   A caldera (/kɔːlˈdɛrə, kæl-/[1] kawl-DERR-ə, kal-) is a large cauldron-like hollow that forms shortly after the emptying of a magma chamber in a volcano eruption. When large volumes of magma are erupted over a short time, structural support for the rock above the magma chamber is gone. The ground surface then collapses into the emptied or partially emptied magma chamber, leaving a large depression at the surface (from one to dozens of kilometers in diameter).[2] Although sometimes described as a crater, the feature is actually a type of sinkhole, as it is formed through subsidence and collapse rather than an explosion or impact. Compared to the thousands of volcanic eruptions that occur each century, the formation of a caldera is a rare event, occurring only a few times per century.[3] Only seven caldera-forming collapses are known to have occurred between 1911 and 2016.[3] More recently, a caldera collapse occurred at Kīlauea, Hawaii in 2018.[4]  The term caldera comes from Spanish caldera, and Latin caldaria, meaning "cooking pot".[5]  In some texts the English term cauldron is also used,[6] though in more recent work the term cauldron refers to a caldera that has been deeply eroded to expose the beds under the caldera floor.[5] The term caldera was introduced into the geological vocabulary by the German geologist Leopold von Buch when he published his memoirs of his 1815 visit to the Canary Islands,[note 1] where he first saw the Las Cañadas caldera on Tenerife, with Mount Teide dominating the landscape, and then the Caldera de Taburiente on La Palma.[7][5]  A collapse is triggered by the emptying of the magma chamber beneath the volcano, sometimes as the result of a large explosive volcanic eruption (see Tambora[8] in 1815), but also during effusive eruptions on the flanks of a volcano (see Piton de la Fournaise in 2007)[9] or in a connected fissure system (see Bárðarbunga in 2014–2015). If enough magma is ejected, the emptied chamber is unable to support the weight of the volcanic edifice above it. A roughly circular fracture, the "ring fault", develops around the edge of the chamber. Ring fractures serve as feeders for fault intrusions which are also known as ring dikes.[10]: 86–89  Secondary volcanic vents may form above the ring fracture.[11] As the magma chamber empties, the center of the volcano within the ring fracture begins to collapse. The collapse may occur as the result of a single cataclysmic eruption, or it may occur in stages as the result of a series of eruptions. The total area that collapses may be hundreds of square kilometers.[5]  Some calderas are known to host rich ore deposits. Metal-rich fluids can circulate through the caldera, forming hydrothermal ore deposits of metals such as lead, silver, gold, mercury, lithium, and uranium.[12] One of the world's best-preserved mineralized calderas is the Sturgeon Lake Caldera in northwestern Ontario, Canada, which formed during the Neoarchean era[13] about 2.7 billion years ago.[14] In the San Juan volcanic field, ore veins were emplaced in fractures associated with several calderas, with the greatest mineralization taking place near the youngest and most silicic intrusions associated with each caldera.[15]  Explosive caldera eruptions are produced by a magma chamber whose magma is rich in silica. Silica-rich magma has a high viscosity, and therefore does not flow easily like basalt.[10]: 23–26  The magma typically also contains a large amount of dissolved gases, up to 7 wt% for the most silica-rich magmas.[16] When the magma approaches the surface of the Earth, the drop in confining pressure causes the trapped gases to rapidly bubble out of the magma, fragmenting the magma to produce a mixture of volcanic ash and other tephra with the very hot gases.[17]  The mixture of ash and volcanic gases initially rises into the atmosphere as an eruption column. However, as the volume of erupted material increases, the eruption column is unable to entrain enough air to remain buoyant, and the eruption column collapses into a tephra fountain that falls back to the surface to form pyroclastic flows.[18] Eruptions of this type can spread ash over vast areas, so that ash flow tuffs emplaced by silicic caldera eruptions are the only volcanic product with volumes rivaling those of flood basalts.[10]: 77  For example, when Yellowstone Caldera last erupted some 650,000 years ago, it released about 1,000 km3 of material (as measured in dense rock equivalent (DRE)), covering a substantial part of North America in up to two metres of debris.[19]  Eruptions forming even larger calderas are known, such as the La Garita Caldera in the San Juan Mountains of Colorado, where the 5,000 cubic kilometres (1,200 cu mi) Fish Canyon Tuff was blasted out in eruptions about 27.8 million years ago.[20][21]   The caldera produced by such eruptions is typically filled in with tuff, rhyolite, and other igneous rocks.[22] The caldera is surrounded by an outflow sheet of ash flow tuff (also called an ash flow sheet).[23][24]  If magma continues to be injected into the collapsed magma chamber, the center of the caldera may be uplifted in the form of a resurgent dome such as is seen at the Valles Caldera, Lake Toba, the San Juan volcanic field,[6] Cerro Galán,[25] Yellowstone,[26] and many other calderas.[6]  Because a silicic caldera may erupt hundreds or even thousands of cubic kilometers of material in a single event, it can cause catastrophic environmental effects. Even small caldera-forming eruptions, such as Krakatoa in 1883[27] or Mount Pinatubo in 1991,[28] may result in significant local destruction and a noticeable drop in temperature around the world. Large calderas may have even greater effects. The ecological effects of the eruption of a large caldera can be seen in the record of the Lake Toba eruption in Indonesia.  At some points in geological time, rhyolitic calderas have appeared in distinct clusters. The remnants of such clusters may be found in places such as the Eocene Rum Complex of Scotland,[22] the San Juan Mountains of Colorado (formed during the Oligocene, Miocene, and Pliocene epochs) or the Saint Francois Mountain Range of Missouri (erupted during the Proterozoic eon).[29]  For their 1968 paper[6] that first introduced the concept of a resurgent caldera to geology,[5] R.L. Smith and R.A. Bailey chose the Valles caldera as their model. Although the Valles caldera is not unusually large, it is relatively young (1.25 million years old) and unusually well preserved,[30] and it remains one of the best studied examples of a resurgent caldera.[5] The ash flow tuffs of the Valles caldera, such as the Bandelier Tuff, were among the first to be thoroughly characterized.[31]  About 74,000 years ago, this Indonesian volcano released about 2,800 cubic kilometres (670 cu mi) dense-rock equivalent of ejecta. This was the largest known eruption during the ongoing Quaternary period (the last 2.6 million years) and the largest known explosive eruption during the last 25 million years. In the late 1990s, anthropologist Stanley Ambrose[32] proposed that a volcanic winter induced by this eruption reduced the human population to about 2,000–20,000 individuals, resulting in a population bottleneck. More recently, Lynn Jorde and Henry Harpending proposed that the human species was reduced to approximately 5,000–10,000 people.[33] There is no direct evidence, however, that either theory is correct, and there is no evidence for any other animal decline or extinction, even in environmentally sensitive species.[34] There is evidence that human habitation continued in India after the eruption.[35]  Some volcanoes, such as the large shield volcanoes Kīlauea and Mauna Loa on the island of Hawaii, form calderas in a different fashion. The magma feeding these volcanoes is basalt, which is silica poor. As a result, the magma is much less viscous than the magma of a rhyolitic volcano, and the magma chamber is drained by large lava flows rather than by explosive events. The resulting calderas are also known as subsidence calderas and can form more gradually than explosive calderas. For instance, the caldera atop Fernandina Island collapsed in 1968 when parts of the caldera floor dropped 350 metres (1,150 ft).[37]  Since the early 1960s, it has been known that volcanism has occurred on other planets and moons in the Solar System. Through the use of crewed and uncrewed spacecraft, volcanism has been discovered on Venus, Mars, the Moon, and Io, a satellite of Jupiter. None of these worlds have plate tectonics, which contributes approximately 60% of the Earth's volcanic activity (the other 40% is attributed to hotspot volcanism).[38] Caldera structure is similar on all of these planetary bodies, though the size varies considerably. The average caldera diameter on Venus is 68 km (42 mi). The average caldera diameter on Io is close to 40 km (25 mi), and the mode is 6 km (3.7 mi), Tvashtar Paterae is likely the largest caldera with a diameter of 290 km (180 mi). The average caldera diameter on Mars is 48 km (30 mi), smaller than Venus. Calderas on Earth are the smallest of all planetary bodies and vary from 1.6–80 km (1–50 mi) as a maximum.[39]  The Moon has an outer shell of low-density crystalline rock that is a few hundred kilometers thick, which formed due to a rapid creation. The craters of the Moon have been well preserved through time and were once thought to have been the result of extreme volcanic activity, but actually were formed by meteorites, nearly all of which took place in the first few hundred million years after the Moon formed. Around 500 million years afterward, the Moon's mantle was able to be extensively melted due to the decay of radioactive elements. Massive basaltic eruptions took place generally at the base of large impact craters. Also, eruptions may have taken place due to a magma reservoir at the base of the crust. This forms a dome, possibly the same morphology of a shield volcano where calderas universally are known to form.[38] Although caldera-like structures are rare on the Moon, they are not completely absent. The Compton-Belkovich Volcanic Complex on the far side of the Moon is thought to be a caldera, possibly an ash-flow caldera.[40]  The volcanic activity of Mars is concentrated in two major provinces: Tharsis and Elysium. Each province contains a series of giant shield volcanoes that are similar to what we see on Earth and likely are the result of mantle hot spots. The surfaces are dominated by lava flows, and all have one or more collapse calderas.[38] Mars has the largest volcano in the Solar System, Olympus Mons, which is more than three times the height of Mount Everest, with a diameter of 520 km (323 miles). The summit of the mountain has six nested calderas.[41]  Because there is no plate tectonics on Venus, heat is mainly lost by conduction through the lithosphere. This causes enormous lava flows, accounting for 80% of Venus' surface area. Many of the mountains are large shield volcanoes that range in size from 150–400 km (95–250 mi) in diameter and 2–4 km (1.2–2.5 mi) high. More than 80 of these large shield volcanoes have summit calderas averaging 60 km (37 mi) across.[38]  Io, unusually, is heated by solid flexing due to the tidal influence of Jupiter and Io's orbital resonance with neighboring large moons Europa and Ganymede, which keep its orbit slightly eccentric. Unlike any of the planets mentioned, Io is continuously volcanically active. For example, the NASA Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 spacecraft detected nine erupting volcanoes while passing Io in 1979. Io has many calderas with diameters tens of kilometers across.[38]  Africa Ngorongoro Crater (Tanzania) Menengai Crater (Kenya) Mount Elgon (Uganda/Kenya) Mount Fogo (Cape Verde) Mount Longonot (Kenya) Mount Meru (Tanzania) Erta Ale (Ethiopia) Nabro Volcano (Eritrea) Mallahle (Eritrea) See Europe for calderas in the Canary Islands Ngorongoro Crater (Tanzania) Menengai Crater (Kenya) Mount Elgon (Uganda/Kenya) Mount Fogo (Cape Verde) Mount Longonot (Kenya) Mount Meru (Tanzania) Erta Ale (Ethiopia) Nabro Volcano (Eritrea) Mallahle (Eritrea) See Europe for calderas in the Canary Islands Americas Argentina Aguas Calientes, Salta Province Caldera del Atuel, Mendoza Province Galán, Catamarca Province Bolivia Pastos Grandes United States  Crater Lake, Oregon, formed around 5,680 BC  Aniakchak-caldera, Alaska Mount Aniakchak (Aniakchak National Monument and Preserve) (Alaska) Crater Lake on Mount Mazama (Crater Lake National Park, Oregon) Mount Katmai (Alaska) Kīlauea (Hawaii) Mauna Loa (Hawaii) La Garita Caldera (Colorado) Long Valley (California) Henry's Fork Caldera (Idaho) Island Park Caldera (Idaho, Wyoming) Newberry Volcano (Oregon) McDermitt Caldera (Oregon) Medicine Lake Volcano (California) Mount Okmok (Alaska) Valles Caldera (New Mexico) Yellowstone Caldera (Wyoming) Canada Silverthrone Caldera (British Columbia) Mount Edziza (British Columbia) Bennett Lake Volcanic Complex (British Columbia/Yukon) Mount Pleasant Caldera (New Brunswick) Sturgeon Lake Caldera (Ontario) Mount Skukum Volcanic Complex (Yukon) Blake River Megacaldera Complex (Quebec/Ontario) New Senator Caldera (Quebec) Misema Caldera (Ontario/Quebec) Noranda Caldera (Quebec) Colombia Arenas crater caldera, Nevado del Ruiz volcano, Caldas Department Laguna Verde caldera, Azufral volcano, Narino Department Mexico La primavera Caldera (Jalisco) Amealco Caldera (Querétaro) Las Cumbres Caldera (Veracruz-Puebla) Los Azufres Caldera (Michoacán) Los Humeros Caldera (Veracruz-Puebla) Mazahua Caldera (Mexico State) Chile Chaitén Cordillera Nevada Caldera Laguna del Maule Pacana Caldera Sollipulli Ecuador Pululahua Geobotanical Reserve Cuicocha Quilotoa Fernandina Island, Galápagos Islands Sierra Negra (Galápagos) El Salvador  Coatepeque Caldera, El Salvador crater lake Lake Ilopango Lake Coatepeque Guatemala Lake Amatitlán Lake Atitlán Xela Barahona Other Masaya (Nicaragua) Argentina Aguas Calientes, Salta Province Caldera del Atuel, Mendoza Province Galán, Catamarca Province Aguas Calientes, Salta Province Caldera del Atuel, Mendoza Province Galán, Catamarca Province Bolivia Pastos Grandes Pastos Grandes United States  Crater Lake, Oregon, formed around 5,680 BC  Aniakchak-caldera, Alaska Mount Aniakchak (Aniakchak National Monument and Preserve) (Alaska) Crater Lake on Mount Mazama (Crater Lake National Park, Oregon) Mount Katmai (Alaska) Kīlauea (Hawaii) Mauna Loa (Hawaii) La Garita Caldera (Colorado) Long Valley (California) Henry's Fork Caldera (Idaho) Island Park Caldera (Idaho, Wyoming) Newberry Volcano (Oregon) McDermitt Caldera (Oregon) Medicine Lake Volcano (California) Mount Okmok (Alaska) Valles Caldera (New Mexico) Yellowstone Caldera (Wyoming) Mount Aniakchak (Aniakchak National Monument and Preserve) (Alaska) Crater Lake on Mount Mazama (Crater Lake National Park, Oregon) Mount Katmai (Alaska) Kīlauea (Hawaii) Mauna Loa (Hawaii) La Garita Caldera (Colorado) Long Valley (California) Henry's Fork Caldera (Idaho) Island Park Caldera (Idaho, Wyoming) Newberry Volcano (Oregon) McDermitt Caldera (Oregon) Medicine Lake Volcano (California) Mount Okmok (Alaska) Valles Caldera (New Mexico) Yellowstone Caldera (Wyoming) Canada Silverthrone Caldera (British Columbia) Mount Edziza (British Columbia) Bennett Lake Volcanic Complex (British Columbia/Yukon) Mount Pleasant Caldera (New Brunswick) Sturgeon Lake Caldera (Ontario) Mount Skukum Volcanic Complex (Yukon) Blake River Megacaldera Complex (Quebec/Ontario) New Senator Caldera (Quebec) Misema Caldera (Ontario/Quebec) Noranda Caldera (Quebec) Silverthrone Caldera (British Columbia) Mount Edziza (British Columbia) Bennett Lake Volcanic Complex (British Columbia/Yukon) Mount Pleasant Caldera (New Brunswick) Sturgeon Lake Caldera (Ontario) Mount Skukum Volcanic Complex (Yukon) Blake River Megacaldera Complex (Quebec/Ontario) New Senator Caldera (Quebec) Misema Caldera (Ontario/Quebec) Noranda Caldera (Quebec) New Senator Caldera (Quebec) Misema Caldera (Ontario/Quebec) Noranda Caldera (Quebec) Colombia Arenas crater caldera, Nevado del Ruiz volcano, Caldas Department Laguna Verde caldera, Azufral volcano, Narino Department Arenas crater caldera, Nevado del Ruiz volcano, Caldas Department Laguna Verde caldera, Azufral volcano, Narino Department Mexico La primavera Caldera (Jalisco) Amealco Caldera (Querétaro) Las Cumbres Caldera (Veracruz-Puebla) Los Azufres Caldera (Michoacán) Los Humeros Caldera (Veracruz-Puebla) Mazahua Caldera (Mexico State) La primavera Caldera (Jalisco) Amealco Caldera (Querétaro) Las Cumbres Caldera (Veracruz-Puebla) Los Azufres Caldera (Michoacán) Los Humeros Caldera (Veracruz-Puebla) Mazahua Caldera (Mexico State) Chile Chaitén Cordillera Nevada Caldera Laguna del Maule Pacana Caldera Sollipulli Chaitén Cordillera Nevada Caldera Laguna del Maule Pacana Caldera Sollipulli Ecuador Pululahua Geobotanical Reserve Cuicocha Quilotoa Fernandina Island, Galápagos Islands Sierra Negra (Galápagos) Pululahua Geobotanical Reserve Cuicocha Quilotoa Fernandina Island, Galápagos Islands Sierra Negra (Galápagos) El Salvador  Coatepeque Caldera, El Salvador crater lake Lake Ilopango Lake Coatepeque Lake Ilopango Lake Coatepeque Guatemala Lake Amatitlán Lake Atitlán Xela Barahona Lake Amatitlán Lake Atitlán Xela Barahona Other Masaya (Nicaragua) Masaya (Nicaragua) Asia East Asia Dakantou Caldera (大墈头) (Shanhuyan Village, Taozhu Town, Linhai, Zhejiang, China) Ma'anshan Caldera (马鞍山) (Shishan Town (石山镇), Xiuying, Hainan, China) Yiyang Caldera (宜洋) (Shuangxi Town (双溪镇宜洋村), Pingnan County, Fujian, China) Aira Caldera (Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan) Kussharo (Hokkaido, Japan) Kuttara (Hokkaido, Japan) Mashū (Hokkaido, Japan) Aso Caldera, Mount Aso (Kumamoto Prefecture, Japan) Kikai Caldera (Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan) Towada (Aomori Prefecture, Japan) Tazawa (Akita Prefecture, Japan) Hakone (Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan) Mount Halla (Jeju-do, South Korea) Heaven Lake (Baekdu Mountain, North Korea/Changbai Mountains, China) Southeast Asia  Mount Pinatubo, Philippines Apolaki Caldera (Benham Rise, Philippines) Corregidor Caldera (Manila Bay, Philippines) Mount Pinatubo (Luzon, Philippines) Taal Volcano (Luzon, Philippines) Laguna Caldera (Luzon, Philippines) Irosin Caldera (Luzon, Philippines) Batur (Bali, Indonesia) Krakatoa (Sunda Strait, Indonesia) Lake Maninjau (Sumatra, Indonesia) Lake Toba (Sumatra, Indonesia) Mount Rinjani (Lombok, Indonesia) Mount Tondano (Sulawesi, Indonesia) Mount Tambora (Sumbawa, Indonesia) Tengger Caldera (Java, Indonesia) Southwest Asia Derik (Mardin, Turkey) Nemrut (volcano) (Turkey) Russia  Caldera of the island Yankicha/Ushishir, Kuril Islands Akademia Nauk (Kamchatka Peninsula) Golovnin (Kuril Islands) Karymsky Caldera (Kamchatka Peninsula) Karymshina (Kamchatka Peninsula) Khangar (Kamchatka Peninsula) Ksudach (Kamchatka Peninsula) Kurile Lake (Kamchatka Peninsula) Lvinaya Past (Kuril Islands) Tao-Rusyr Caldera (Kuril Islands) Uzon (Kamchatka Peninsula) Zavaritski Caldera (Kuril Islands) Yankicha/Ushishir (Kuril Islands) Chegem Caldera (Kabardino-Balkarian Republic, North Caucasus) East Asia Dakantou Caldera (大墈头) (Shanhuyan Village, Taozhu Town, Linhai, Zhejiang, China) Ma'anshan Caldera (马鞍山) (Shishan Town (石山镇), Xiuying, Hainan, China) Yiyang Caldera (宜洋) (Shuangxi Town (双溪镇宜洋村), Pingnan County, Fujian, China) Aira Caldera (Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan) Kussharo (Hokkaido, Japan) Kuttara (Hokkaido, Japan) Mashū (Hokkaido, Japan) Aso Caldera, Mount Aso (Kumamoto Prefecture, Japan) Kikai Caldera (Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan) Towada (Aomori Prefecture, Japan) Tazawa (Akita Prefecture, Japan) Hakone (Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan) Mount Halla (Jeju-do, South Korea) Heaven Lake (Baekdu Mountain, North Korea/Changbai Mountains, China) Dakantou Caldera (大墈头) (Shanhuyan Village, Taozhu Town, Linhai, Zhejiang, China) Ma'anshan Caldera (马鞍山) (Shishan Town (石山镇), Xiuying, Hainan, China) Yiyang Caldera (宜洋) (Shuangxi Town (双溪镇宜洋村), Pingnan County, Fujian, China) Aira Caldera (Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan) Kussharo (Hokkaido, Japan) Kuttara (Hokkaido, Japan) Mashū (Hokkaido, Japan) Aso Caldera, Mount Aso (Kumamoto Prefecture, Japan) Kikai Caldera (Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan) Towada (Aomori Prefecture, Japan) Tazawa (Akita Prefecture, Japan) Hakone (Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan) Mount Halla (Jeju-do, South Korea) Heaven Lake (Baekdu Mountain, North Korea/Changbai Mountains, China) Southeast Asia  Mount Pinatubo, Philippines Apolaki Caldera (Benham Rise, Philippines) Corregidor Caldera (Manila Bay, Philippines) Mount Pinatubo (Luzon, Philippines) Taal Volcano (Luzon, Philippines) Laguna Caldera (Luzon, Philippines) Irosin Caldera (Luzon, Philippines) Batur (Bali, Indonesia) Krakatoa (Sunda Strait, Indonesia) Lake Maninjau (Sumatra, Indonesia) Lake Toba (Sumatra, Indonesia) Mount Rinjani (Lombok, Indonesia) Mount Tondano (Sulawesi, Indonesia) Mount Tambora (Sumbawa, Indonesia) Tengger Caldera (Java, Indonesia) Apolaki Caldera (Benham Rise, Philippines) Corregidor Caldera (Manila Bay, Philippines) Mount Pinatubo (Luzon, Philippines) Taal Volcano (Luzon, Philippines) Laguna Caldera (Luzon, Philippines) Irosin Caldera (Luzon, Philippines) Batur (Bali, Indonesia) Krakatoa (Sunda Strait, Indonesia) Lake Maninjau (Sumatra, Indonesia) Lake Toba (Sumatra, Indonesia) Mount Rinjani (Lombok, Indonesia) Mount Tondano (Sulawesi, Indonesia) Mount Tambora (Sumbawa, Indonesia) Tengger Caldera (Java, Indonesia) Southwest Asia Derik (Mardin, Turkey) Nemrut (volcano) (Turkey) Derik (Mardin, Turkey) Nemrut (volcano) (Turkey) Russia  Caldera of the island Yankicha/Ushishir, Kuril Islands Akademia Nauk (Kamchatka Peninsula) Golovnin (Kuril Islands) Karymsky Caldera (Kamchatka Peninsula) Karymshina (Kamchatka Peninsula) Khangar (Kamchatka Peninsula) Ksudach (Kamchatka Peninsula) Kurile Lake (Kamchatka Peninsula) Lvinaya Past (Kuril Islands) Tao-Rusyr Caldera (Kuril Islands) Uzon (Kamchatka Peninsula) Zavaritski Caldera (Kuril Islands) Yankicha/Ushishir (Kuril Islands) Chegem Caldera (Kabardino-Balkarian Republic, North Caucasus) Akademia Nauk (Kamchatka Peninsula) Golovnin (Kuril Islands) Karymsky Caldera (Kamchatka Peninsula) Karymshina (Kamchatka Peninsula) Khangar (Kamchatka Peninsula) Ksudach (Kamchatka Peninsula) Kurile Lake (Kamchatka Peninsula) Lvinaya Past (Kuril Islands) Tao-Rusyr Caldera (Kuril Islands) Uzon (Kamchatka Peninsula) Zavaritski Caldera (Kuril Islands) Yankicha/Ushishir (Kuril Islands) Chegem Caldera (Kabardino-Balkarian Republic, North Caucasus) Europe  3D CGI aerial spinning view over Santorini, Greece  Aerial view of the Laacher See, Germany  Caldeira do Faial on the Caldeira Volcano, Faial Island, Azores Banská Štiavnica (Slovakia) Bakuriani/Didveli Caldera (Georgia) Samsari (Georgia) Santorini (Greece) Nisyros (Greece) Askja (Iceland) Grímsvötn (Iceland) Bárðarbunga (Iceland) Katla (Iceland) Krafla (Iceland) Phlegraean Fields (Italy) Lake Bracciano (Italy) Lake Bolsena (Italy) Mount Somma which contains Mount Vesuvius (Italy) Las Cañadas (Tenerife, Spain) Glen Coe (Scotland) Scafell Caldera (Lake District, England)[42] Laacher See (Germany) Lagoa das Sete Cidades & Furnas (São Miguel, the Azores, Portugal) Caldeira do Faial (Faial, Portugal) Caldeirão do Corvo (Corvo, Portugal) Banská Štiavnica (Slovakia) Bakuriani/Didveli Caldera (Georgia) Samsari (Georgia) Santorini (Greece) Nisyros (Greece) Askja (Iceland) Grímsvötn (Iceland) Bárðarbunga (Iceland) Katla (Iceland) Krafla (Iceland) Phlegraean Fields (Italy) Lake Bracciano (Italy) Lake Bolsena (Italy) Mount Somma which contains Mount Vesuvius (Italy) Las Cañadas (Tenerife, Spain) Glen Coe (Scotland) Scafell Caldera (Lake District, England)[42] Laacher See (Germany) Lagoa das Sete Cidades & Furnas (São Miguel, the Azores, Portugal) Caldeira do Faial (Faial, Portugal) Caldeirão do Corvo (Corvo, Portugal) Oceania  Satellite photo of Lake Taupō Cerberean Cauldron (Australia)[43] Dakataua (Papua New Guinea) Kapenga (New Zealand) Kilauea (Hawaii, US) Lake Ohakuri (New Zealand) Lake Ōkataina (New Zealand) Lake Rotorua (New Zealand) Lake Taupō (New Zealand) Maroa (New Zealand) Moku‘āweoweo Caldera on Mauna Loa (Hawaii, US) Mount Warning (Australia) Prospect Hill (Australia) Rano Kau (Easter Island, Chile) Reporoa caldera (New Zealand) Cerberean Cauldron (Australia)[43] Dakataua (Papua New Guinea) Kapenga (New Zealand) Kilauea (Hawaii, US) Lake Ohakuri (New Zealand) Lake Ōkataina (New Zealand) Lake Rotorua (New Zealand) Lake Taupō (New Zealand) Maroa (New Zealand) Moku‘āweoweo Caldera on Mauna Loa (Hawaii, US) Mount Warning (Australia) Prospect Hill (Australia) Rano Kau (Easter Island, Chile) Reporoa caldera (New Zealand) Antarctica Deception Island Deception Island Indian Ocean Cirque de Mafate, Cirque de Salazie, Enclos Fouqué, and Cirque de Cilaos on Réunion Cirque de Mafate, Cirque de Salazie, Enclos Fouqué, and Cirque de Cilaos on Réunion Mars Olympus Mons caldera Olympus Mons caldera Venus Maat Mons caldera Maat Mons caldera Americas Guaichane-Mamuta (Chile) Mount Tehama (California, US) Guaichane-Mamuta (Chile) Mount Tehama (California, US) Europe Caldera de Taburiente (Spain) Caldera de Taburiente (Spain) Oceania Tweed Valley (New South Wales, Queensland, Australia) Tweed Valley (New South Wales, Queensland, Australia) Asia Chegem Caldera (Kabardino-Balkarian Republic, Northern Caucasus Region, Russia) Taal volcano (Philippines) Batangas Province Chegem Caldera (Kabardino-Balkarian Republic, Northern Caucasus Region, Russia) Taal volcano (Philippines) Batangas Province Maar – Low-relief volcanic crater Complex volcano – Landform of more than one related volcanic centre Somma volcano – Volcanic caldera that has been partially filled by a new central cone Supervolcano – Volcano that has erupted 1000 cubic km of lava in a single eruption Volcanic Explosivity Index"
Gregory Buchakjian;"  Gregory Buchakjian (born 1971, in Beirut, Lebanon) is a Lebanese photographer, filmmaker and art historian. He studied at the Paris-Sorbonne University. He is the director of the School of Visual Arts at Académie Libanaise des Beaux-Arts ALBA[1] and was co founder, with architects Pierre Hage Boutros and Rana Haddad, of Atelier de Recherche ALBA.[2]  From 2012 to 2019, Buchakjian has been a member of the advisory committee of the Saradar Collection, devoted to Lebanese art from the contemporary and modern periods.[3]  Buchakjian emerged in the art scene after the 2006 Lebanon War within a collective of Lebanese filmmakers.[4] He directed What Shoes, a short animation film[5] presented as part of the Videos Under Siege project featured in the Dubai International Film Festival 2008.  In the following years, he slipped into Beirut's vibrant and underground nightlife. His photographs depict sensuality although violence and anxiety remain hidden.[6] Taking its name "Nighthawks" from a famous painting by Edward Hopper, the project was exhibited in Der Aa-kerk, Groningen as part of the 18th Noorderlicht Photofestival 2011: Metropolis.[7] In the aftermath, Buchakjian produced a scholarly study on the history of nightlife photography in Lebanon.[8]  Buchakjian was part of The Place that Remains, the first national Pavilion of Lebanon curated by Hala Younes at the 2018 Venice Biennale of Architecture.[9]  After the eruption of the 2019–2020 Lebanese protests, he collected screenshots of photographs, videos, drawings and texts published on social media. The first 480 in order of appearance were gathered in the work Thawra Stories followed by the list of the instagram accounts where they were released.[10]  From 2009 to 2016, Buchakjian constituted a long-term research and exploration devoted to abandoned dwellings in Beirut that involved a PhD dissertation.[11] In this context, he collaborated with Said Baalbaki on a lithography artist book based on Wadi Abu Jamil, the former Jewish Quarter of Beirut, where Baalbaki grew up, that was witnessed dramatic transformations during the war and postwar periods.[12] He also exhibited, in dialogue with François Sargologo, photographic ruins extracted from a building that was allegedly inhabited by a member of the General Command of “Al Assifa” forces within the Palestine Liberation Organization.[13]  The artistic project was disclosed in 2018 with an exhibition curated by Karina El Helou at Beirut's Sursock Museum.[14] It included staged photographs of human figures wandering in the ruins, an apparatus displaying data sheets for 700 buildings and a video in which Buchakjian and Valerie Cachard manipulate, examine and read extracts from hundreds of documents they collected during their visits.[15] In the second installment at Brussel’s Villa Empain, one entire room was exclusively about the house of former prime minister Takieddin el-Solh, with drawings made after objects found on the grounds and two pictures of the same space, one by Buchakjian and one taken in 1984 by Fouad Elkoury.[16]  Halte (Labor et Fides, Geneva, 2006)[17] Pièces choisies, collection Bank Audi (Bank Audi, Beirut, 2008) Esteban Lisa in the land of the Cedars. Tradition and Abstraction (Fundación Esteban Lisa, Buenos Aires and Fundación Antonio Pérez, Disputación de Cuenca, 2010)[18] De lumière et de sang (Alarm Editions, Beirut, 2010) Art is the answer! Contemporary Lebanese artists and designers  (Villa Empain, Brussels, 2012)[19] War and other Impossible Possibilities. Thoughts on Arab History and Contemporary Art (Alarm Editions, Beirut, 2012)[20] Michel Basbous (Beirut Exhibition Center, Beirut, 2014)[21] Passing Time. With Fouad Elkoury and Manal Khader (Kaph Books, Beirut, 2017)[22] Abandoned Dwellings. A History of Beirut, edited by Valerie Cachard (Kaph Books, Beirut, 2018)[23] Nighthawks, Comme des Garçons Guerilla Store, Beirut, 2008[24] Abandoned Dwellings, Display of Systems, curated by Karina El Helou, Sursock Museum, Beirut, 2018[25] Abandoned Dwellings of Beirut, Villa Empain, Brussels, 2019[26] Nafas Beirut, Espace SD, Beirut, 2006[27] De Lumière et de Sang, Foundation Audi, Beirut, 2010[28] Q Calling the Shots – vol. 1: Architectural Photography, Q Contemporary, Beirut, 2010[29] Q Calling the Shots – vol. 2: Narrative Photography, Q Contemporary, Beirut, 2011[30] Metropolis. City Life in the Urban Age, Noorderlicht Photofestival 2011, Groningen, 2011[31] Platform: The Year in Images, National Museum of Singapore, 2012[32] Pellicula, Galerie Janine Rubeiz, Beirut, 2013[33] The Place that Remains, Lebanese Pavilion, 16th Venice Biennale of Architecture, 2018[34] Across Boundaries. Focus on Lebanese Photography, curated by Tarek Nahas, Beirut Art Fair 2018[35] Beyond. Contemporary Lebanese Art and Design, Phillips (auctioneers), London 2019[36] Beirut Lab: 1975(2020) Curated by Juli Carson and Yassmeen Tukan, University Art Gallery, University of California, Irvine, 2019[37]"
Frederick Maddison (footballer);"  Frederick Brunning Maddison (22 July 1849 – 25 September 1907) was an English footballer who played for England as a midfielder in the first international match against Scotland, as well as winning two FA Cup medals with Oxford University in 1874 and with The Wanderers in 1876.  Later he was a music publisher and, together with his wife the composer Adela Maddison, was closely associated with the French composer Gabriel Fauré.[1]  He was born on 22 July 1849 in Westminster, Middlesex as Frederick Chappell, the son of  Frederick Patey Chappell and Eleanor (née Maddison). On 5 February 1873, he changed his name to Frederick Brunning Maddison, taking his second name from his grandfather.[2]  He was educated at Marlborough College before going up to Oxford University, where he was a member of Brasenose College.[2]  He played for Scotland in the third of the  unofficial matches prior to the first official international match, a 1–1 draw on 25 February 1871[3] playing under the pseudonym "F. Maclean".[4] He won his solitary England cap playing on the left of midfield in England's first ever international match against Scotland on 30 November 1872.[5]  The University reached the 1874 FA Cup Final and (with Maddison now on the right) this time they were successful, defeating the Royal Engineers by two goals to nil. Maddison was involved in the move which resulted in the second goal, when he, together with Cuthbert Ottaway and Robert Vidal, "dribbled their way to the Engineers' goal, where Frederick Patton was waiting to slide the ball between the posts."[6]  Maddison also played for amateur club Crystal Palace (not the later professional club) and the Civil Service, and in representative matches for London and The South versus The North.[7]  On 14 April 1883 he married Katharine Mary Adela Tindal, at Christ Church, Lancaster Gate, London.[8] They had two children, Diana Marion Adela and Noel Cecil Guy,[9] born in 1886 and 1888 respectively. His wife was a composer, usually known as Adela Maddison.[10]  From around 1894, the couple played a major part in encouraging and facilitating the entry onto the London musical scene of the French composer Gabriel Fauré.[11] Frederick was then working for a music publishing company, Metzler, which obtained a contract to publish Fauré's music during 1896 to 1901. Fauré was a friend of the family and in 1896 vacationed at their residence in Saint-Lunaire, Brittany.[1] From 1898 Maddison and his wife lived separately, with Adela residing in Paris,[10] she may have had a romantic liaison with Fauré.[1]  Frederick Maddison died in Germany on 25 September 1907, at Moabit Hospital, Berlin.[7] "
Armature;" Armature may refer to:  Armature (computer animation), kinematic chain used in computer animation to simulate the motions of virtual characters Armature (electrical), one of the two principal electrical components of an electromechanical machine Armature (sculpture), framework around which a sculpture is built Armature Studio, video game developer"
Kansas City Masonic Temple;" The Masonic Temple in Kansas City, Missouri is a Neo-Classical Architecture building in the Beaux-Arts architecture tradition.[2] Designed by J.C. Sunderland,[3] the Masonic Cornerstone was laid October 8, 1910[4] and the building held a public dedication ceremony on September 30, 1911.[3]  Harry S. Truman and Bess Truman danced[5] in the 6,600 square foot[6] Tiffany Ballroom which prominently features plaster columns and an impressive Tiffany glass window array.[2]  The Kansas City Masonic Temple was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980[1]  and as a film location with the Missouri Film Commission in 2013.[7] A restoration project was launched in 2017 to restore and preserve the building[8] for future generations.    This article about a property in Kansas City, Missouri on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Douglas DC-4E;" The Douglas DC-4E was an American experimental airliner that was developed before World War II. The DC-4E never entered production due to being superseded by an entirely new design, the Douglas DC-4/C-54, which proved very successful.  Many of the aircraft's innovative design features found their way into the Nakajima G5N bomber after the single DC-4E prototype was sold to a Japanese airline and clandestinely dismantled for study by Nakajima at the behest of the Imperial Japanese Navy.[3]  The design originated in 1935 from a requirement by United Air Lines.[4] The goal was to develop a much larger and more sophisticated replacement for the DC-3 before the first DC-3 had even flown.[5]  Such was the initial interest from other airlines, that American Airlines, Eastern Air Lines, Pan American Airways and Transcontinental and Western Air (TWA)[N 1] joined United, providing $100,000 each toward the cost of developing the new aircraft. As cost and complexity rose, Pan American and TWA withdrew their funds in favor of the Boeing 307 Stratoliner, which was anticipated to be less costly.[1]  With a planned day capacity of 42 passengers (13 rows of two or more seats and a central aisle) or 30 as a sleeper transport (like the DST), the DC-4 (as it was then known) would seat twice as many people as the DC-3 and would be the first large aircraft with a nosewheel. Other innovations included auxiliary power units, power-boosted flight controls, alternating current electrical system and air conditioning. Cabin pressurization was also planned for production aircraft. The novel tail with three low vertical stabilizers enabled use of existing hangars and provided sufficient vertical fin area to allow the aircraft to take off with only two engines on one side operating. The wing planform was similar to the DC-3, with a swept leading edge and almost straight trailing edge. The four 1,450 hp (1,080 kW) Pratt & Whitney R-2180-A Twin Hornet 14-cylinder radials were all mounted with noticeable toe-out, particularly the outer pair.[6]  The prototype (NX18100, s/n 1601) first flew, without incident, on June 7, 1938 from Clover Field in Santa Monica, California, piloted by Carl Cover. Testing issues, however, delayed the Approved Type Certificate until May 5, 1939. It was used by United Air Lines for in-service evaluation during 1939. On June 9, 1939, when the DC-4 was in Dayton, Ohio, along with Carl Cover, Orville Wright was a passenger on a flight over the city.  Although the aircraft was relatively trouble-free, the complex systems proved to be expensive to maintain and performance was below expectations, especially with an increase in seating to 52 and gross weight to 65,000 lb (29,484 kg).[1]  The design was abandoned in favor of a marginally smaller, less-complex four-engined design, with a single vertical fin and 21 ft (6.4 m) shorter wingspan. This newer design was also designated DC-4, leading the earlier design to be redesignated DC-4E (E for "experimental"). In late 1939, the DC-4E was sold to Imperial Japanese Airways, which was buying American aircraft for evaluation and technology transfer during this period, at the behest of the Imperial Japanese Navy, it was reverse-engineered, becoming the basis for the unsuccessful Nakajima G5N bomber.[3] To conceal its transfer to the Nakajima Aircraft Company for study, the Japanese press reported shortly after purchase that the DC-4E had crashed in Tokyo Bay.[7]  Data from McDonnell Douglas Aircraft since 1920, Vol. 1[3] General characteristics  Performance   Related development  Aircraft of comparable role, configuration, and era   Related lists  2 Hyphenated trailing letter (-J, -K, -L, -N or -S) denotes design modified for secondary role  Imperial Japanese Airways United Airlines Crew: three Capacity: 42 passengers Length: 97 ft 7 in (29.74 m) Wingspan: 138 ft 3 in (42.14 m) Height: 24 ft 6 in (7.48 m) Wing area: 2,155.01 sq ft (200.207 m2) Empty weight: 42,564 lb (19,307 kg) Gross weight: 61,500 lb (27,896 kg) Max takeoff weight: 66,500 lb (30,164 kg) Powerplant: 4 × Pratt & Whitney R-2180-S1A1-G Twin Hornet 14-cyl. two-row air-cooled radial piston engines, 1,450 hp (1,080 kW)  each Propellers: 3-bladed metal variable-pitch propellers Maximum speed: 245 mph (394 km/h, 213 kn) at 7,000 ft (2,134 m) Cruise speed: 200 mph (322 km/h, 174 kn) Range: 2,200 mi (3,500 km, 1,900 nmi) Service ceiling: 22,900 ft (7,000 m) Rate of climb: 1,175 ft/min (5.97 m/s) Wing loading: 28.5 lb/sq ft (139 kg/m2) Power/mass: 0.0943 hp/lb (4.8kW/kg) Douglas DC-4 Nakajima G5N Boeing 307 Stratoliner List of civil aircraft"
Santa Maria del Carmine;" Santa Maria del Carmine (Italian for Our Lady of Mount Carmel) is the name of several churches in Italy:  Pontifical basilica of Santa Maria del Carmine, Avigliano [fr] Carmine Church, Carrara Santa Maria del Carmine, Civita Castellana Santa Maria del Carmine, Faenza The Basilica of Santa Maria del Carmine, Florence Madonna del Carmine, Marsico Nuovo Chiesa del Carmine (Messina) Santa Maria del Carmine, Milan Santa Maria del Carmine, Naples Santa Maria del Carmine, Padua Santa Maria del Carmine, Pavia Santa Maria del Carmine, Pisa Santa Maria del Carmine, Pistoia Santa Maria del Carmine, Ragusa Sanctuary of the Madonna del Carmine, Riccia Santa Maria del Carmine alle Tre Cannelle [it], in Rome Beata Vergine del Carmine e San Rocco, Soragna Carmini Church, in Venice Our Lady of Mount Carmel (disambiguation) Our Lady of Mount Carmel Church (disambiguation) Our Lady of Mount Carmel Cathedral (disambiguation) Carmine Church (disambiguation)"
María Paulina Vega;"   María Paulina Vega (born 13 March 1984) is a Chilean table tennis player. She competed in the women's doubles event at the 2004 Summer Olympics.[1] In June 2021, she qualified to represent Chile at the 2020 Summer Olympics.[2]  This biographical article relating to a Chilean table tennis figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Tholomas Drove;"   Tholomas Drove is a hamlet in Wisbech St Mary civil parish, part of the Fenland district in the Isle of Ely, Cambridgeshire, England. The population is included in the civil parish of Parson Drove. In 1989, there were 120 residents.[1] The origins of the name are unclear but it has also been written as Tholomer's Drove and Tallamass Drove.  In the early eighteenth century Francis Hardy, a prominent local Quaker, built a schoolroom and schoolmaster's house. Hardy died in 1727 and, in his will, left twelve acres of land on trust with the instructions that it "should keep six or more poor children of the parish at school."  Further land was added to the bequest by subsequent trustees. By 1814 the income was in excess of sixty pounds per annum and in the 1830s free education was provided to twenty-one children, with more paying the schoolmaster directly. By 1850 this had increased to twenty-five free places. During the nineteenth century the schoolmasters included John Burman, William Redin Stanton, later the founder of Barton School, and George Hardwicke. Until the National School movement reached Wisbech St Mary parish in the 1870s, Hardy's was the only school serving the parish. After Hardwicke's death in 1883 the school closed.[2][3][4]  However, the school building remained and became a Mission chapel. In 1894 the first Wisbech St Mary civil parish council met there and used it as their meeting place for nearly sixty years. For many years the results of local authority elections were also declared in the room. It became known as The Forrester's Hall, after the friendly society of that name, and later the Court House. The building fell into disuse and was demolished in 1996.[5][4]  Primitive Methodist and mission chapels were built in the hamlet.[6][page needed]  The Chequers Inn is a public house in the hamlet.    This Cambridgeshire location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Fenland Cambridgeshire East"
Northfield Savings Bank;" Northfield Savings Bank is the largest, Vermont-owned bank chain based in Northfield, Vermont. It was established in 1867[1] and currently has over a dozen branches across Chittenden and Washington counties, including Burlington, Barre, and Montpelier. The bank donates 10% of its profits to community organizations in Vermont.[2] "
Dmitri Kabanov (judoka);" Dmitri Kabanov (born 13 February 1980) is a Russian judoka.    This biographical article related to Russian judo is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Dmitri Kabanov at the International Judo Federation  Dmitri Kabanov at JudoInside.com  Judo videos of Dmitri Kabanov in action (judovision.org) v t e"
Cakile arctica;"   Cakile arctica, commonly known as sea rocket and Fjörukál, is a species of flowering plant in the family Brassicaceae, native to the Faroe Islands, Iceland, Norway (where it is extinct in Svalbard), and Russia (specifically North European Russia as defined in the WGSRPD).[2] It is an annual species,[3] i.e. it germinates, grows, flowers, produces seeds, and dies within one year. Cakile arctica is a pioneer species in primary succession: it was the first vascular plant to colonise Surtsey,[4] a volcanic island 32 km (20 mi) south of Iceland that was formed by eruptions between 1963 and 1967,[5] where it was first observed growing in 1965.[4] Although it was the first vascular plant to grow on Surtsey, as of 1987 it had not established itself on the island.[3]  This Brassicales article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Cakile edentula f. islandica (Gand.) O.E.Schulz Cakile edentula subsp. islandica (Gand.) Á.Löve & D.Löve Cakile edentula var. islandica (Gand.) Á.Löve Cakile lanceolata f. pygmaea O.E.Schulz Cakile lapponica Pobed. Cakile maritima f. islandica Gand. Cakile maritima subsp. islandica (Gand.) Elven"
California Department of Housing and Community Development;" The California Department of Housing and Community Development (HCD) is a department within the California Business, Consumer Services and Housing Agency that develops housing policy and building codes (i.e. the California Building Standards Code), regulates manufactured homes and mobilehome parks, and administers housing finance, economic development and community development programs.[1]  The HCD Housing Assistance Program (HAP) acts as the local housing authority for 12 rural counties: Alpine, Amador, Calaveras, Colusa, Glenn, Inyo, Modoc, Mono, Sierra, Siskiyou, Trinity, and Tuolumne. One of the primary purposes of housing authorities is to manage Section 8 housing, but other activities include Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) entitlements and HOME Investment Partnerships Program (HOME) funding. The HCD has administered CDBG program for non-entitlement cities and counties (cities and counties under a specified population level that do not automatically receive CDBG funds directly from the federal government) since 1983, and administers HOME funding for cities and counties that do not receive HOME allocations directly from the federal government since the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act of 1990.  The HCD was created on 17 September 1965.[2] The Zenovich–Moscone–Chacon Housing and Home Finance Act of 1975 permanently established and reorganized the HCD, as well as created the California Housing Finance Agency.[3] It inherited the housing portion of the Division of Immigration and Housing of the Californian Department of Industrial Relations.    This article about the politics of California is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Gustavo Velasquez, Director United States Department of Housing and Urban Development California Housing Finance Agency"
George V. Grigore;"   George V. Grigore (born July 27, 1961) is a Romanian actor, writer, teacher and Doctor in Theater Arts.  George V. Grigore was born in Scorteni - Jud. Prahova, Romania, on July 27, 1961.  He was the second of two children, with an older sister.  His father was doctor.  According to George's autobiography, he was a mischievous child and enjoyed taking risks,   George V. Grigore is acting coach at the University Spiru Haret, Faculty of Theater. He plays the character Scat Man in "Madhouse" film. In movies he plays the most important characters of the history of being like: Nostradamus, Leonardo da Vinci, Jesus Christ, Rasputin, Pugachov, Hagendorf, John the Apostle and the fiction character like vampire Bruno, Malik The Profet, and many priest and monk characters.  This Romanian biographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. They're Watching (2016)  as Village Priest Cheia Sol (2015)  (TV Series)  as Matei Manolache Werewolf: The Beast Among Us   (2012)  as Werewolf Hunter Coronation Street: Romanian Holiday  (2009) (Video) as Father Balthazar Ghouls  (2008) (TV Movie) as Radu La urgenţă  (2006)  (TV Series) The Prophecy: Forsaken  (2005) (Video) as Face Licking Throne Dracula III: Legacy  (2005) (Video) as Bruno Nature Unleashed: Tornado  (2005) (Video) as Malik Madhouse  (2004) as Scat Man Dark Prince: The True Story of Dracula (2000) (TV Movie) as Orthodox Priest Sphinx - Geheimnisse der Geschichte (1999)  (TV Series documentary) as Nostradamus young Timpul liber  (1993) (as Grigore George) Apocalipsa Meta Tempesta Vorbire-Dictiune Teatrul. Tentatia realitatii intru realitate George V. Grigore at IMDb ISNI 1 1 VIAF 1 1 WorldCat Germany v t e"
Catherine Brown (footballer);"   Catherine Brown (born 10 January 1994) is an Australian rules footballer playing for the Hawthorn Football Club in the AFL Women's (AFLW) competition. Brown is also a former soccer player, who last played for Canberra United in the Australian W-League.[1]  Brown played 32 times for Canberra United in the W-League between 2012 and 2015.[2] Her career at W-League ended after she sustained a long-term knee injury while training to play Australian rules football. She attempted to return with a four-week trial for Canberra United before the 2017–18 W-League season but was not offered a contract.[3]  Ahead of the 2017 AFL Women's season, Brown trialled for the GWS Giants before a knee injury ended her hopes of playing.[4][5]  In 2019, Brown played for the Eastlake Demons in the AFL Canberra First Grade Women's competition.[6]  Updated to the end of S7 (2022).[7]  Individual  * denotes rookie listed players    This biographical article related to women's association football in Australia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Hawthorn games record holder Hawthorn games record holder: 10 (Tied with Charlotte Baskaran, Jess Duffin, Aileen Gilroy, Tilly Lucas-Rodd, Akec Makur Chuot, Tamara Smith, and Lucy Wales)"
Jim Strickland (politician);" James Steven Strickland Jr. (born October 22, 1963[1]) is an American attorney and politician who is the 64th and current mayor of Memphis, Tennessee, serving since 2016. A Democrat,[2] he previously served as a member of the Memphis City Council.  Strickland is also an adjunct professor at the Cecil C. Humphreys School of Law.  Strickland was born in Mishawaka, Indiana before moving to Memphis, Tennessee. There, he graduated from Christian Brothers High School in 1982 and received a bachelor's degree and J.D. from the University of Memphis in 1989.[3]  In 1998, Strickland opened a law firm with one of his classmates at the University of Memphis, David Kustoff, who now represents much of Memphis' eastern portion in Congress.[4] Strickland's professional experience also includes working in the law firm of Glankler Brown, PLLC from 1990 to 1998, clerking for Justice William H. D. Fones of the Tennessee Supreme Court, and working as an adjunct law professor at the University of Memphis.[5]  After being first elected to the City Council in October 2007, Strickland was re-elected in October 2011. In 2013, he was elected to serve as Vice Chairman and was the Chairman of the Council for 2014.[3]  On January 15, 2015, Jim Strickland announced his plan to run for mayor. Throughout his campaign, Strickland focused on crime, poverty, and blight throughout Memphis.[6]  Strickland was elected mayor on October 8, 2015, with 42% of the city's vote, beating incumbent Mayor A C Wharton who received 22% of the vote.[7] The election was an uncommon victory over an incumbent, with the last case being in 1991.[8] Strickland's win marked the first time since 1972 that a council member took the office of mayor.[8]  Strickland was Memphis' first white mayor in 24 years.[9] In Otis Sanford's book Boss Crump to King Willie: How Race Changed Memphis Politics, he notes that "Strickland also made history by receiving more of a percentage of the black vote than any winning white candidate since William B. Ingram in 1963."[10]  Mayor Strickland entered office with several preceding problems: the threat of forced de-annexation for the Tennessee General Assembly, millions in unknown financial obligations, and the looming risk of losing the city's fourth-largest public company, ServiceMaster.[11]  Strickland overcame early challenges by effectively dodging the threat of de-annexation which would have potentially lost 111,000 residents and somewhere between $27 million and $80 million in tax revenue for the city of Memphis.[12] He passed the first city budget in a unanimous and "unheard-of seven-minute" vote.[13] The second budget passed by Strickland included a $5.9 million increase for the Memphis Police Department for recruitment and an additional $6 million for officer overtime.[14] Strickland also budgeted for the expansion of public libraries which included the reopening of 10 branches.[14] Another $2 million was dedicated to street paving, bringing the overall total to $18.5 million, almost double that spent on streets in the 2014-15 fiscal year.[14] Mayor Strickland was also able to retain ServiceMaster by relocating the company to Downtown Memphis, which marked a major victory for the city, saving 1,200 jobs and $100 million in payroll.[15] Mary Kay Wegner who was in charge of the company's search for a new headquarters called Strickland "one of the chief influencers" on their decision to stay in Memphis.[16]  Strickland placed a focus on contracts going to minority and female contractors. The percentage as of April 2017 is 21.1%. The change is a 68% increase from January 2016 when Strickland entered office.[17] These efforts made up part of a larger plan to reduce contract disparity and approach city government in terms of data.[17] The city of Memphis began to collect data and set monthly goals in order to target other specific issues, such as successfully reducing 911 response times, which were reduced from over a minute wait time in 2015 to 14 seconds in 2016.[18]  Due to the expansion of companies such as ServiceMaster and non-profits such as St. Jude Children's Hospital, there is an estimated $7 billion in current and future developments for the city of Memphis.[13]  In January 2019, Strickland announced his intention to run for a second term. He was challenged by former mayor W.W. Herenton and Shelby County Commissioner Tami Sawyer. Strickland won re-election to a second term, garnering 62% of the votes cast for Mayor in one of the lowest turnout elections since the current Mayor/Council form of government was approved in 1966.[19][20]  Strickland and his wife, Melyne, have two children.[21]  List of mayors of the 50 largest cities in the United States List of mayors of Memphis, Tennessee"
2013 Austrian legislative election;" Werner Faymann SPÖ  Werner Faymann SPÖ  Legislative elections were held in Austria on 29 September 2013 to elect the 25th National Council, the lower house of Austria's bicameral parliament.[2]  The parties of the ruling grand coalition, the Social Democratic Party of Austria (SPÖ) and Austrian People's Party (ÖVP), suffered losses, but placed first and second respectively and retained their combined majority. The Freedom Party of Austria (FPÖ) won 20.5%, an increase of three percentage points, and The Greens achieved their best result up to this point with 12.4% and 24 seats. With the collapse of the Alliance for the Future of Austria (BZÖ), which fell below the 4% electoral threshold and lost all its seats, two new parties entered the National Council: Team Stronach with 5.7% and NEOS – The New Austria with 5.0%.  The election saw considerable change in the composition of the National Council, the ruling grand coalition won its lowest combined share of the popular vote in history. The coalition was nonetheless renewed, and Werner Faymann of the SPÖ remained Chancellor.  The government is a grand coalition between Austria's two largest parties, the SPÖ and ÖVP, who rule with the SPÖ's Werner Faymann as Chancellor. Support for both governing parties has fallen marginally since the 2008 election. The Freedom Party (FPÖ) and Alliance for the Future of Austria (BZÖ) made significant gains in the previous election, but while the FPÖ gained support after the 2008 election, the BZÖ shrank after the death of its founder Jörg Haider and taking a turn toward liberalism. Additionally, nine of the BZÖ's 21 elected members to the National Council changed their party affiliation during the term: five members joined the Team Stronach, while four joined the FPÖ. Team Stronach, funded by Austrian-Canadian businessman Frank Stronach, has emerged as an anti-euro alternative and eventually started to hurt the FPÖ's standing in the polls. The Greens have solidified their position as the fourth-largest party in opinion polls.[citation needed]  The table below lists parties represented in the 24th National Council.  In addition to the parties already represented in the National Council, nine parties collected enough signatures to be placed on the ballot. Four of these were cleared to be on the ballot in all states, five of them only in some.[3]  Issues included corruption scandals across the main parties[which?] and Austria's relative financial stability facing a probable crisis.[4]  Alongside votes for a party, voters were able to cast a preferential votes for a candidate on the party list. The ten candidates with the most preferential votes on a federal level were as follows:[5]  The "grand coalition" of SPÖ and ÖVP retained their majority.[6] While the SPÖ were keen to renew the coalition, the ÖVP also considered the possibility of a coalition with the FPÖ and another smaller party.[7] On October 14, the SPÖ and the ÖVP agreed to start coalition talks with each other,[8] and on December 16, the second Faymann cabinet was formed by the SPÖ and the ÖVP.  Team Stronach (FRANK) NEOS – The New Austria (NEOS - Das Neue Österreich) Communist Party of Austria (KPÖ) Pirate Party of Austria (PIRAT) Christian Party of Austria (CPÖ) - on the ballot only in Upper Austria, Styria, Vorarlberg and Burgenland The Change (Der Wandel) - on the ballot only in Vienna and Upper Austria Socialist Left Party (SLP) - on the ballot only in Vienna EU Exit Party (EU-Austrittspartei) - on the ballot only in Vorarlberg Men's Party of Austria (Männerpartei Österreichs) - on the ballot only in Vorarlberg Grand coalition (Germany)"
Alinagarer Golokdhadha;"   Alinagarer Golokdhadha (English: The Maze of Alinagar) is an adventure mystery film, released on 20 April 2018, directed by Sayantan Ghosal, produced by Rutrum Juin, starring Anirban Bhattacharya and Parno Mittra in lead roles. It is film collaboration for a Bengali movie between Eros International[3] and Champion Movies.  In 1990, the last surviving member of a family of landlords in Murshidabad auctions off his valuable possessions to the local villagers, for very low returns. Among those valuables was an old sword, which was surprisingly bought by Somnath Das for 1000 rupees. Soon he is approached by a businessman, Amirchand Mittal, who offers him 10 lakh rupees in exchange of the sword. Somnath declines the offer. Amirchand is followed by a police officer, who in turn is killed by the businessman's goons. Unfortunately, Somnath becomes the unwitting eye-witness of the murder. The goons follow him and shoot at him, but he escapes, only to be run over by a car in the highway.  In the present day, Soham and Brishti are taking a tour of Kolkata, while Soham explains its histories. He is interested in a historical research of Bengal and Kolkata, to which end Brishti recommends him to her father Ashutosh Singha, a renowned historian and author of Banglar Ayna, a book on Bengal's history, for a scholarship. Ashutosh is being interviewed by Jahnabi, an independent documentary film maker, but his mind is disturbed. He is being sent a number of unnamed chits, each stating the circumstances in which the conspirators against Siraj ud-Daulah, the last independent Nawab of Bengal, died. Brishti brushes these off as pranks, but Soham deduces that it has something to do with her father's book. Soham is introduced to Ashutosh at the latter's house, and Ashutosh agrees upon granting Soham the scholarship, and requests him to stay at his house only. Soham is introduced to Sakkhi Gopal, the caretaker of the house and a distant relative of Ashutosh.  Ashutosh tells Soham about his friend Somnath, who was killed in a road accident 27 years ago. Interestingly, Somnath was also a student of Bengal's history. Just before his death, he had told Ashutosh about a gift he wished to send him, but due to its unprecedented historical value, he has hidden it somewhere, the clue to which he had sent to Ashutosh in a letter. Soham is immediately interested in the riddle, which hints at a particular house and Warren Hastings' court case against Maharaja Nandakumar. With a little help from an old priest, Soham cracks the riddle, which leads him and Brishti to the house of Somnath's professor, also named Nandakumar. The professor, now almost blind due to old age, reveals that Somnath had sent him a letter as well, including a second riddle, telling him to give it to the person who comes to his house after solving the first riddle. The second letter says something about Dinabandhu Mitra's Neel Darpan, its translation to English by Michael Madhusudan Dutt, and the arrest of Reverend James Long for publishing the same (the British Government had declared the play as seditious). Meanwhile, Brishti's brother Abhiraj, a spoilt brat, has huge loans from Amirchand, who tells him to deliver a nose-ring, belonging to the family deity, which is a prized possession of the family.  Soham and Brishti's quest brings them to James Long Sarani, where the owner of one "Dinabandhu Mistanna Bhandar" (sweet shop) performs the act of burying a ledikeni sweet in the ground. He reveals that his father, the previous owner of the shop, knew Somnath well, and was told by him to do this in front of the person who solved the second riddle. Soham deduces that burying a ledikeni stands for the grave of Lady Canning in Barrackpore, since the sweet was specially made on the occasion of her arrival in India. Soham and Brishti travel there, and find a gardener whom Somnath knew and had also given a riddle. The gardener was about to tell Soham how he seemed to be related to Somnath, when suddenly he is shot dead. Brishti and Soham escape with the letter. Brishti suddenly sees Jahnabi, who she had previously spotted following them while entering Nandakumar's house.  After solving the clue from the third letter, the duo travel to a lock-maker's shop called Black Pagoda, in North Kolkata, which was cryptically hinted at in the gardener's letter. Soham learns that Somnath had ordered for a specific lock from the current owner's father, the previous owner. The lock had a number combination system, made break-proof by the fact that anyone entering a wrong combination would be injured by gunpowder blast, incorporated in the lock itself. The owner delivers the next clue to them via a telephone call with his father, which hints at going to Old Mission Church, where Madhusudan Dutt was converted to Christianity. The Father of the church gives Soham another letter, but just as he was about to tell him more about Somnath, he is shot dead, much like the gardener in Barrackpore. Meanwhile, the nose-ring of the Singha family's deity gets stolen by Abhiraj. Amirchand, however, is furious with Abhiraj for delivering him a fake.  A throwaway sentence by Sakkhi Gopal strikes Soham when he understands that Sakkhi knew Somnath very well. He urges Sakkhi to tell him the real identity of Somnath. The next morning Brishti finds Soham visibly disturbed. He reveals that the letter from the Father hinted at going to a Kali temple in Central Kolkata, where the last riddle was to be found. Soham had already been there and had also solved the riddle, which takes him to Bagbajar library's north east corner, where the specially made gunpowder locker was found behind a photograph of Ramprasad Sen. Soham and the librarian open the locker with the numbers found at the end of every letter. They find a final riddle along with a map, however, they are ambushed by Amirchand and his goons, who were following Soham. In the ensuing clash, the librarian is killed and the map and the riddle stolen by Amirchand, who finalizes selling the gift to a foreign buyer for 35 crore rupees.  Back at the Singha family household, Abhiraj beats up Sakkhi's son, a drunkard, for stealing the original nose-ring, which he continuously denies. Ashutosh watches the whole drama silently, even as Sakkhi begs him to stop Abhiraj. Brishti is upset with her father not protesting Abhiraj's misconduct, to which Ashutosh reveals that he knows about Abhiraj stealing the nose-ring, shown to him by Jahnabi on her camera. Sensing that Abhiraj might do something like this to have something to mortgage to Amirchand, she had replaced the original with a fake. However, Sakkhi had had enough of Ashutosh, and reveals everything to Brishti about how her father's aristocratic lifestyle led him to mortgage everything, even the house itself, to Amirchand. The latter had agreed to waive off Ashutosh's loans if he delivered him the gift Somnath told Ashutosh about. While witnessing the murder of the police officer at the hands of Amirchand, Somnath had also spotted Ashutosh, who was present right beside Amirchand at that moment, revealing his betrayal. Sakkhi went on to reveal the real identity of Soham— he is the son of Somnath. Brishti and Abhiraj are both upset by this revelation about their father and leaves the room. Sakkhi then hands Ashutosh the final chit, stating the circumstances of Mir Jafar's death, the prime conspirator against Siraj ud-Daulah, thus revealing that the chits were being sent by him all along.  Brishti finds Soham in the library, and together they head for Murshidabad, where the gift was located. Soham remembers how the last riddle hinted at Khoshbagh, the final resting place of Siraj ud-Daulah, who had renamed Kolkata to Alinagar when he had captured Fort William from the British. The riddle also hinted at Katra mosque to be where the gift is to be found. Unfortunately, by the time they solve the riddle and reach Katra mosque, Amirchand and his goons are already there, digging. Soham and Brishti are apprehended by the goons, while Amirchand ignores Soham's warning about not to touch the gift, as told by the riddle. The gift is revealed to be the same sword that Somnath had bought from the auction in 1990. The sword actually belonged to Siraj ud-Daulah, which was gifted to him by the French traders as a sign of their alliance, hence its unprecedented historical value. As soon as Amirchand touches it, an electric shock stuns him and knocks him out. It is then revealed that Somnath had carefully placed the sword upon a high voltage wire supplying electricity to the whole of Murshidabad and Berhampore, to keep it from wrong people who choose to ignore the warnings in the riddle. Soham and Brishti are saved by Jahnabi, who reveals herself as a CID officer, investigating the 1990 murder case, and also the daughter of the murdered police officer.  In the end, Ashutosh is arrested for being an accomplice in the crime, and the sword itself is given to the museum for safekeeping, now that Amirchand has been apprehended. Ashutosh reveals to Soham that in Somnath's absence, he printed and published Somnath's original manuscript of Banglar Ayna in his own name, linking the chits to this act of betrayal. Ashutosh is taken away while Soham turns around to see a metaphorical glimpse of his father.  The music of the film has been composed by Meemo S Ray. The first song from the movie Itihaash Kobita has been sung by Rupam Islam.[4]  In 2016 Champion Movies first ventured into the production of Bengali films with Jawker Dhan. The film was a huge success and it established Champion Movies as one of the prominent production houses in Tollywood. After the grand success of the first film, they started their works on  Alinagarer Golokdhadha, under the direction of Sayantan Ghosal.[4] For this film, the team primarily shot at Nimtita Raajbaari, where Satyajit Ray shot his Bengali classic 'Jalsaghar'.[5] Shooting took place across various heritage buildings and sights like Old Mission Church, Thanthania Kalibari, St. Paul's Cathedral, Lady Cannings burial ground in Barrackpore, Basu Bati Library, Katra Masjid, Khoshbagh etc. The climax of the movie has been shot in Murshidabad.[4]  Roushni Sarkar from Cinestaan praised the film's story and Paran Bandopadhyay's portrayal of Sakkhi Gopal, but found the score to be too obtrusive and jarring and felt the cinematography "[failed] to create the right ambience."[6]  Anirban Bhattacharya Kaushik Sen Parno Mitra Paran Bandopadhyay Tanima Sen Manoj Mitra 20 April 2018 (2018-04-20)"
Ya'ad, Israel;" Ya'ad (Hebrew: יַעַד, lit. Destiny or Goal) is a small moshav in northern Israel. Located near the city of Karmiel, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council. In 2019 it had a population of 690.[1]  It was founded in 1974 by computer science graduates from the Technion next to the land where the Arab village of Mi'ar existed until 1947 and the independence of Israel[2]    This geography of Israel article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
2014 Pro Kabaddi League season;"   The 2014 Pro Kabaddi League was the first season of Pro Kabaddi League. The duration of the season was from 26 July 2014 to 31 August 2014. There was double round robin matches along with two semi finals, third place and final games. 56 games were to be played in first round and 4 in play off stage making total of 60 games. 8 teams took part in first edition. First game was played on July 26 between U Mumba and Jaipur Pink Panthers and the final was played on August 31 at Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Indoor Stadium, Mumbai. Jaipur Pink Panthers beat U Mumba by 35–24 to win the inaugural Pro Kabaddi League.[1]  The first signing and auction of players for the 8 teams was held on 20 May 2014[2] in Mumbai. India's national kabaddi captain Rakesh Kumar was the priciest among the players bought for ₹12.80 lakh by Patna franchise. Sports Authority of India's Deepak Niwas Hooda was bought by Vizag franchise for ₹12.90 lakh.[2] Mostafa Noudehi was the highest paid overseas player bought for ₹6.6 lakh by Pune franchise.[3]  (C) Champion, (R) Runners-up, (3) Third Place, (4) Fourth Place.  All matches were played in Mumbai  Semi-Final 1  Semi-Final 2  3/4 Place  FINAL  2014 2015 2016 (III) 2016 (IV) 2017 2018 2019 2021-22 2022 v t e   Advanced to the Playoff Stage Five (5) points for a win Three (3) points each for a drawn game One (1) point for a loss by 7 points or fewer Top 4 teams qualified for the semifinals"
Justice Bailey;" Justice Bailey may refer to:  John O. Bailey (1880–1959), chief justice of the Oregon Supreme Court Joseph M. Bailey (1833–1895), chief justice of the Illinois Supreme Court Lawrence Dudley Bailey (1819–1891), associate justice of the Kansas Supreme Court Levin C. Bailey (c. 1892–1952), judge of the Maryland Court of Appeals Judge Bailey (disambiguation)"
Mishan, Iran;" Mishan (Persian: ميشان) in Iran may refer to:  Mishan-e Olya, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Mishan-e Sofla, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Mishan-e Olya, Fars Mishan-e Sofla, Fars Mishan, Hamadan Mishan, Isfahan Mishan Rural District, in Fars Province"
Alcasa;" C.V.G. Aluminio del Caroní S.A., known as Alcasa, is a state-owned aluminium producer in Venezuela. Founded in 1960, it began operations in 1967.[1] It is part of the Corporación Venezolana de Guayana mining company, and one of the world's largest aluminium producers. In 1999 it had around 9000 employees.[2]  The Venezuelan government had sought to privatize Alcasa in 1998,[3] but the investors pulled out citing world market conditions.[2]  In 2005 the BBC reported that Alcasa had instituted a "co-management" initiative, with workers electing managers and participating in the budgeting process, as well as being involved in decisions on technical issues related to production.[4] The experience was evaluated negatively by President Nicolás Maduro in 2013: "The model of worker control failed in Guayana, it never existed, neither control nor worker."[5]      This Venezuelan corporation or company article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
George Klein (comics);"   George D. Klein[1] (c. 1915[2] or 1920[3] – 1969) was an American comic book artist and cartoonist whose career stretched from the 1930s and 1940s' Golden Age of comic books until his death in 1969. He was best known as an inker for DC Comics, where he was an integral part of the Superman family of titles from 1955 to 1968, and for Marvel Comics, where he was the generally recognized, uncredited inker on Jack Kirby's pencil art for the landmark comic book The Fantastic Four #1.[4]  Klein attended the Kansas City Art Institute and New York's Cartoonists and Illustrators School.[1] At Marvel Comics' 1940s precursor, Timely Comics, Klein was both a penciler and an inker, initially on superhero features. He was among the pencilers of the super-speedster the Whizzer, in All Winners Comics #8–9 (Spring-Summer 1943). He had inked that early Marvel character, over Mike Sekowsky's pencils, as early as All Winners #3 (Winter 1941/42). Klein also worked on the characters Miss America (inking the premiere issue in 1944), the Young Allies, the Black Marvel, the Golden Age Black Widow, the Defender, and, under the pseudonym Nick Karlton, the Challenger.[5] Klein found himself more utilized, however, in what was called Timely's "animator" bullpen, which created such movie tie-in and original talking animal comics as Mighty Mouse and Animated Funny Comic-Tunes.  Because he was on staff, Klein frequently did not sign his artwork – a typical though not ironclad industry habit at the time – making it difficult to assess his Golden Age output.  In the post-war era, Klein drew for a variety of publishers. For DC Comics, nearly ten years before teaming with penciler Curt Swan on various Superman titles, Klein inked him on a "Boy Commandos" story in World's Finest Comics #21 (March–April 1946). For American Comics Group (ACG), Klein worked on such horror/suspense titles as Adventures into the Unknown, Forbidden Worlds, and Out of the Night. For Atlas Comics, Marvel's 1950s iteration, Klein penciled but mostly inked stories for such comics as Marvel Tales, Sports Action, Wild Western, and Space Squadron, for which he drew the backup feature "Blast Revere". By late in the decade he was also doing stories for Prize Comics' Black Magic.[5]  In 1955, Klein began his long association with penciler Curt Swan on a variety of titles in DC Comics' "Superman family", edited by Mort Weisinger. Starting with uncredited but generally recognized inks over Swan in Superboy #38 (Jan. 1955) – on a backup story featuring the Boy of Steel vs. "Public Chimp Number One!" – Klein soon took on the lead features there and in Adventure Comics, starring Superboy, Superman, starting in late 1961, and DC's flagship title, Action Comics, starring Superman, in 1962. Later in the 1960s, Klein became the chief inker on Adventure's lead feature, the Legion of Super-Heroes, by writer Jim Shooter and penciler Swan,[5] helping set the visual foundation for what would become one of DC's most popular series.  In 1968, with new art director and soon-to-be editorial director Carmine Infantino given the mandate to revitalize DC in the wake of rival Marvel's pop-cultural and industry ascendancy,[citation needed] Klein was eased out along with such other Superman-family artists as Wayne Boring, Jim Mooney, and George Papp, and writers Otto Binder, Edmond Hamilton, and Jerry Siegel (Superman's co-creator with Joe Shuster). Klein's final DC work was Adventure Comics #367 (May 1968).[5]  In 1961, penciler Jack Kirby and writer-editor Stan Lee began revitalizing comics with the superhero team the Fantastic Four. The team's first two issues were published without formal creator credits, in the manner of times, and their inker has never been definitively established. Before the mid-2000s and the maturity of comics scholarship, inking credit for the landmark issues The Fantastic Four #1–2 (Nov. 1961 – Jan. 1962) was generally attributed to Dick Ayers, a frequent Kirby inker before and after. Since that time, further scholarship has given tentative credit to Klein. The standard Grand Comics Database, for example, unequivocally credits Klein as the primary inker (with possible alterations by Sol Brodsky) based on the analysis of Michael Vassallo and Nick Caputo.[6] That database credits Klein as inker for issue  #2 with the caveat, "Inking often attributed to Dick Ayers and occasionally to Art Simek. The credit given reflects the current consensus."[7] Another standard reference, the Unofficial Handbook of Marvel Comics Creators, gives "George Klein?" as inker for issue #1 and "Sol Brodsky? George Klein?" for #2, with the additional note, "On the letter page of Fantastic Four (I) #272 and #281, Sol Brodsky is said to be the inker of this issue."[8]  Regardless, Klein was working almost exclusively for DC Comics during this time, known as the Silver Age of Comic Books, until DC's 1968 shakeup (see above). Klein then became one of Marvel's most high-profile inkers in the short time before his death. He embellished John Buscema on a run of The Avengers, Gene Colan on issues #46-49 off that penciler's signature series, Daredevil, and, in his last assignment, Jack Kirby on Thor #168–169 (Sept.-Oct. 1969).[5] Among the Silver Age issues he inked were the Avengers stories that introduced the Vision, Yellowjacket, and the Clint Barton Goliath, and another with the marriage of Henry Pym and the Wasp, Janet Van Dyne, "Brother, Take My Hand" in Daredevil #47 (Dec. 1968), cited by Stan Lee as one of his favorites among the comic-book stories he wrote,[citation needed] and the cover and interior of one of Barry Windsor-Smith's first U.S. comic books, Daredevil #51 (April 1969).  Klein died of cirrhosis of the liver, six months after getting married.[2] His death was announced in Marvel Comics' "Bullpen Bulletins" fan page appearing in Fantastic Four #93 and other comics with a December 1969 cover-date.  Former Marvel editor-in-chief Roy Thomas, who wrote Marvel Comics' The Avengers during Klein's stint on that superhero title, described Klein's inking as "a Joe Sinnott kind of style. ... [He] could do that Sinnott style that was very popular then."[9]  In its list of "The 20 Greatest Inkers of American Comic Books", historians at the retailer Atlas Comics (no relation to the comics publishers) listed George Klein at #17:  Most likened to Murphy Anderson, George Klein may have had an even more mannered and precise style. Klein, like Anderson (and to a lesser extent, Joe Sinnott) would create wonderful rounded shadows by dropping a well-weighted line and then creating a series of beautifully tapered feathers coming off of it, conforming to the contour of the object he was delineating. It gave those objects volume, and always let you subconsciously know the size, shape and form of what you were looking at. Many modern inkers miss this elementary style of 'investing' two-dimensional objects with the appearance of three dimensions. Often, their lines will be in direct opposition to forms they are supposed to define, or will throw shadows in a way which is counterintuitive to how we see them. Most of them would do well to study George Klein and simplify, simplify, simplify.[10]"
Romeo and Juliet (1943 film);" Romeo and Juliet (Spanish: Romeo y Julieta) is a 1943 Mexican comedy film directed by Miguel M. Delgado and starring Cantinflas, María Elena Marqués and Ángel Garasa.[1] It is loosely based on William Shakespeare's tragedy Romeo and Juliet. The film's dialogue is in verse.    This article related to a Mexican film of the 1940s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Cantinflas as Romeo María Elena Marqués as Julieta Ángel Garasa as Fray Lorenzo Andrés Soler as Capulet Emma Roldán as Lady Capulet José Baviera as Paris Pedro Elviro Guillermo Familiar Juan Garcia Conchita Gentil Arcos Rafael Icardo Maria de la Paz Jarero Tito Junco Manuel Noriega José Ortiz de Zárate Jorge Reyes Humberto Rodríguez Estanislao Shilinsky"
Avensa Flight 007;"   Avensa Flight 007[1] was operated by a McDonnell Douglas DC-9-32 which crashed on 11 March 1983 on a domestic flight from Caracas Airport to Barquisimeto Airport, Venezuela. It landed hard, skidded off of the runway and exploded.[2][3] Twenty-two passengers and one crew member died.[2][3]  The Douglas DC-9, registration YV-67C, was on an internal flight when it made an ILS approach in thick fog at Barquisimeto Airport, Venezuela.[2] The DC-9 landed hard 1,015 meters beyond the runway threshold, causing the landing gear to collapse. The aircraft subsequently slid off the runway and exploded.[2] The aircraft was carrying 45 passengers and 5 crew, of whom one crewman and 22 of the passengers died. Ten passengers were seriously injured.[2] Amongst the dead was Luis Enrique Arias, sports narrator of the Venezuelan Television Network.[1]  The probable causes were ruled to be "Improper in-flight decisions and inadequate supervision of the flight".[2]      This article about transport in Venezuela is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This article about an aviation accident is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. View a machine-translated version of the Spanish article. Machine translation, like DeepL or Google Translate, is a useful starting point for translations, but translators must revise errors as necessary and confirm that the translation is accurate, rather than simply copy-pasting machine-translated text into the English Wikipedia. Consider adding a topic to this template: there are already 5,169 articles in the main category, and specifying|topic= will aid in categorization. Do not translate text that appears unreliable or low-quality. If possible, verify the text with references provided in the foreign-language article. You must provide copyright attribution in the edit summary accompanying your translation by providing an interlanguage link to the source of your translation. A model attribution edit summary is Content in this edit is translated from the existing Spanish Wikipedia article at [[:es:Vuelo 007 de Avensa]], see its history for attribution. You should also add the template {{Translated|es|Vuelo 007 de Avensa}} to the talk page. For more guidance, see Wikipedia:Translation."
List of newspapers in Maine;"   This is a list of newspapers in Maine.  Daily Bulldog  Miller, Alan (1978). The History of Current Maine Newspapers. Damariscotta, Maine: Lincoln County Publishing Co.    Bangor Daily News - Bangor The Portland Times - Portland, Maine Kennebec Journal - Augusta Morning Sentinel - Waterville Portland Press Herald - Portland Sun Journal - Lewiston The Times Record - Brunswick The Advertiser Democrat - Norway, published once a week on Thursdays American Journal - Westbrook Aroostook Republican - Caribou Augusta Capital Weekly - Augusta The Bar Harbor Times - Bar Harbor, published once a week on Thursdays The Bates Student - Lewiston, published once a week on Tuesdays The Boothbay Register - Boothbay Harbor, published once a week on Thursdays The Bowdoin Orient - Brunswick, published once a week on Fridays The Bridgton News - Bridgton, published once a week on Thursdays The Calais Advertiser - Calais, published once a week on Thursdays The Camden Herald - Camden The Castine Patriot - Castine, published once a week on Thursdays The Citizen - Westbrook The Colby Echo - Waterville, published once a week on Tuesdays The Courier Gazette - Rockland The Current - Westbrook, published once a week on Thursdays The Ellsworth American - Ellsworth The Enterprise - Bucksport The Houlton Pioneer Times - Houlton, published once a week on Wednesdays The Island Ad-Vantages - Stonington, published once a week on Thursdays The Island Times - Casco Bay, published monthly Lakes Region Suburban Weekly - Westbrook The Lincoln County News - Damariscotta, published once a week on Wednesdays The Livermore Falls Advertiser - Livermore Falls, published once a week on Wednesdays Machias Valley News Observer - Machias Magic City Morning Star - Millinocket The Maine Campus - Orono, published twice a week on Mondays and Thursdays The Maine Edge - Bangor, published once a week on Wednesdays Maine Sunday Telegram - Portland The Maine Switch - Portland, published once a week on Thursdays The Mid-Coast Forecaster - published weekly alongside The Northern Forecaster, The Portland Forecaster and The Southern Forecaster Mount Desert Islander - Bar Harbor, published once a week on Thursdays The Northern Forecaster - published weekly alongside The Portland Forecaster, The Mid-Coast Forecaster and The Southern Forecaster The Penobscot Times - Old Town The Portland Forecaster  - published weekly alongside The Northern Forecaster, The Mid-Coast Forecaster and The Southern Forecaster Portland Phoenix - Portland, published once a week on Wednesdays The Quoddy Tides - Eastport The Reporter - Westbrook The Republican Journal - Belfast Six Towns Times - Freeport, published weekly on Fridays The St. John Valley Times - Madawaska, published once a week on Wednesdays The Star-Herald - Presque Isle, published once a week on Wednesdays The Southern Forecaster - published weekly alongside The Northern Forecaster, The Mid-Coast Forecaster and The Portland Forecaster Sun Chronicle - Westbrook) Twin City Times - Auburn, covering Androscoggin County and the surrounding areas, published every Thursday The Weekly Packet - Blue Hill, published once a week on Thursdays The Weekly Sentinel - Wells, published once a week on Fridays Wiscasset Newspaper - Boothbay Harbor, published once a week on Thursdays York County Coast Star - Kennebunk, published once a week on Thursdays York Weekly - York, published once a week on Wednesdays List of newspapers in Massachusetts List of newspapers in New Hampshire List of newspapers in Vermont Lists of newspapers List of newspapers in the United States List of free daily newspapers in the United States List of weekly newspapers in the United States List of international newspapers originating in the United States List of national newspapers in the United States List of newspapers in the United States by circulation List of newspapers serving cities over 100,000 in the United States List of French-language newspapers published in the United States List of German-language newspapers published in the United States List of Spanish-language newspapers published in the United States List of African-American newspapers in the United States List of alternative weekly newspapers in the United States List of business newspapers in the United States List of family-owned newspapers in the United States List of Jewish newspapers in the United States List of LGBT periodicals in the United States List of student newspapers in the United States List of supermarket tabloids in the United States List of underground press in the United States List of defunct newspapers of the United States Maine Press Association Penny Abernathy, "The Expanding News Desert: Maine", Usnewsdeserts.com, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. (Survey of local news existence and ownership in 21st century) v t e Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming American Samoa Guam Northern Mariana Islands Puerto Rico  U.S. Virgin Islands African-American Alternative Business By circulation Defunct Family-owned French-language German-language International Jewish LGBT National Serving cities over 100,000 Spanish-language Student Supermarket tabloids Underground Weekly v t e Index Geography Government Congressional districts Governors History Images Islands People Symbols Tourist attractions Culture Demographics Economy Education Politics Party strength Party strength Down East Highlands Kennebec Valley Lake Country Mid Coast North Woods Penobscot Bay Southern Coast Western Mountains Androscoggin Aroostook Cumberland Franklin Hancock Kennebec Knox Lincoln Oxford Penobscot Piscataquis Sagadahoc Somerset Waldo Washington York Auburn Augusta Bangor Bath Belfast Biddeford Brewer Calais Eastport Ellsworth Gardiner Hallowell Lewiston Old Town Portland Presque Isle Rockland Saco Sanford South Portland Waterville Westbrook Bridgton Brunswick Cape Elizabeth Falmouth Gorham Kennebunk Kittery Lisbon Old Orchard Beach Orono Sanford Scarborough Skowhegan Standish Topsham Wells Windham Winslow York"
Aavatsmarkbreen;" Aavatsmarkbreen is a glacier in Oscar II Land at Spitsbergen, Svalbard. It is named after politician and military officer Ivar Aavatsmark. The glacier debouches into Forlandsundet, in the bay of Hornbækbukta.[1][2][3] At the southern side of the glacier, between Aavatsmarkbreen and Kaffiøyra, is the mountain range of Prins Heinrichfjella.[4][5]  Coordinates: 78°42′N 12°10′E﻿ / ﻿78.70°N 12.16°E﻿ / 78.70, 12.16    This article about a glacier in Spitsbergen is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Don Dufek;" Donald Patrick Dufek Jr. (born April 28, 1954) is a former American football player who played safety and special teams for eight seasons with the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League (NFL). He had previously played for the Michigan Wolverines football team in Ann Arbor from  1973 to 1975. He was chosen to serve as team captain for both the Seahawks and Wolverines.  At Michigan, he was following in the footsteps of his father Don Dufek Sr. who had been a Wolverine team Most Valuable Player.  As a graduate of Pioneer High School in Ann Arbor, Dufek was able to stay close to home while performing as a two-sport star at the University of Michigan where he played for the Michigan Wolverines football and hockey teams.  In football, he was a member of back-to-back Big Ten Conference championship teams at Michigan and became an All-American as well as a team captain.  Dufek, was sought after as a professional athlete in two sports:  Dufek was drafted by teams in the National Hockey League, World Hockey Association and National Football League. He opted for football and played his entire professional career with the Seahawks.  He endured several unsuccessful seasons in Seattle, but the team made the playoffs in his final two years. In his role as a special teams player, he again became a team captain.  Dufek grew up in Ann Arbor, the son of former fullback, Don Dufek Sr., who was named Most Valuable Player of the 1950 Michigan Wolverines football team and the MVP of the 1951 Rose Bowl.[1]  In 1971, Dufek played linebacker for Ann Arbor Pioneer High School and was one of only three unanimous picks for the major All-State football teams in the State of Michigan, as selected by the United Press International (UPI), Associated Press (AP), and Detroit Free Press.[2][3]  The coach of Pioneer's cross-town rival Huron High School said of Dufek in 1971: "He's the best I've seen."[2]  In a 2003 interview with the Grand Rapids Press, Dufek recalled growing up in Ann Arbor and meeting his father's Michigan teammates. "Living in Ann Arbor, and seeing all the things that embody a great university, you learned that there were highly successful people in athletics, and it just made you want to feel a part of it. Then, as you got older, and you got more deeply involved in the game yourself, you just hoped that you had a chance to play in college -- and after watching all those games at Michigan Stadium, that maybe Michigan would take a chance on you."[4]  Michigan provided Dufek with the opportunity that he had hoped for.  He played defensive back for the Wolverines from 1973 to 1975 and was named a team co-captain and an All-American as a member of the 1975 Wolverines team.[5]  He was chosen as a first-team All-American by the Football Writers Association of America,[6] and the Walter Camp Football Foundation,[7] and as a second-team All-American by UPI.[8]  Twice named an All-Big Ten safety, Dufek had 249 tackles, nine fumble recoveries and four interceptions for the Wolverines.  Although the 1973 and 1974 Michigan teams were Big Ten co-champions,[9][10] the Ohio State Buckeyes advanced to the Rose Bowl both years, and Dufek's only bowl game appearance was in a 14–6 loss to the Oklahoma in the 1976 Orange Bowl.[5]  In addition to receiving three varsity letters in football, Dufek also received four letters as a left wing for the Michigan Wolverines hockey team.[11]  Dufek played with the hockey team only after the football season ended, and he managed to score about 10 goals a year in the shortened seasons he played.[12][13]  Dufek made a sufficiently solid showing in his freshman and sophomore years at Michigan that the Detroit Red Wings selected him in the sixth round of the 1974 NHL amateur draft.[14] He was also drafted by the Minnesota Fighting Saints of the World Hockey Association with the 162nd overall selection in the eleventh round of the 1974 WHA Amateur Draft.[15][16]  In a 1975 interview, Dufek noted his love of both sports: "There are times when I've thought of dropping one or the other, but heck, I've been doing this since high school and it would be pretty tough to quit them both now."[17] Dufek added: "Hockey is a more relaxed thing.  It's a smaller atmosphere and you have to deal with only one or two coaches.  You can be more individual and flashy.  Football has certain assignments and you can't really express yourself."[17]  In the end, however, Dufek chose the NFL over the NHL.  He explained: "I've decided to pursue professional football because I would probably have an extensive tour in the hockey minor leagues and I don't want that."[12]  Dufek was drafted by the Seahawks with the second selection of fifth round and 126th overall selection of the 1976 NFL Draft.[18]  Dufek was one of the original Seahawks in 1976, the franchise's first year in the NFL,[19][20] and he played for them until 1984.[21] He was the captain of the Seahawks' special teams units in 1981 and 1982.  During both of these seasons he was co-captain along with eventual Pro Football Hall of Famer and four-term representative in United States House of Representatives, Steve Largent, the captain of the offensive unit and Keith Simpson, captain of the defensive unit.[22]  Over the course of his career he had three interceptions, two quarterback sacks, a fumble recovery and thirteen kickoff returns.[21] Sportswriter Richard Kucner once wrote: "Don Dufek was the kind of guy who just won't take 'No' for an answer. He was released in training camp four times during his eight-year Seahawks career. But each time, Seattle had a change of heart, bringing him back. Today, he is remembered as one of the best special teams performers the team has had."[23]  After numerous seasons under Jack Patera from 1976-1982 and interim coach Mike McCormack in 1982, the Seahawks finally reached the playoffs in Dufek's final two seasons under Chuck Knox. During the 1983 NFL season, the Seahawks went 9-7 and reached the AFC Championship Game where they lost to the Oakland Raiders.[24]  Then, during the 1984 NFL season, the Seahawks went 12-4 and failed to reach the Conference Championships during the 1984-85 Playoffs.[25]  Dufek was interviewed by the Ann Arbor News in 2006 about life in Seattle.  He said: "It's a bigger version of Ann Arbor.  It's overcast, and it's green and clean."  And there's the coffee. "It's really comical," says Dufek of all the coffee stops in Seattle. "Even the gas stations have coffee bars."[26]  Dufek now lives in Ann Arbor with his wife Candi Dufek.  Dufek ran his own construction company, Dufek Wolverine Construction.[27]  In December 2006, the Detroit Free Press did a feature about the Dufek family and their big U-M tailgate parties.  The article noted: "It's hard to get more maize and blue than the Dufek family.  Candy Dufek met Donnie Dufek in the first grade in Ann Arbor, and cheered as he played under Bo Schembechler in the 1970s.  Younger brother, Bill also played for U-M from 1974-78, also attaining All-American status.  Their younger brother Joe, however, played for Yale (as well as pro ball as a quarterback for the Buffalo Bills and San Diego Chargers).  They are the sons of legendary U-M Hall of Famer, Don Dufek Sr., who scored two touchdowns in U-M's 1951 Rose Bowl win."[28][29]  Dufek has two children, Jacqueline and Frank.[27]   "
Pat Saward;"   Patrick Saward (17 August 1928 – 20 September 2002) was a professional footballer in the English football League and for the Republic of Ireland. He died of Alzheimer's disease in 2002.  Playing as an amateur for Crystal Palace, Saward joined non-league club Beckenham Town, where he started his senior career.[1] In 1951, before he joined Millwall as a professional. He made 118 league appearances for Millwall before joining Aston Villa for £10,000 in the summer of 1955. During his time at Villa Park he won the FA Cup and the Second Division championship in 1960. He joined Huddersfield Town in 1961, playing 59 league games for the club. In October 1963, Saward signed for Crawley Town.[2]  He played at an international level for the Republic of Ireland, winning 18 caps.  After retiring as a player, Saward joined the youth team coaching staff at Coventry City, before becoming assistant manager to Jimmy Hill at the club. In July 1970, Saward was appointed manager of Brighton & Hove Albion, winning promotion to the Second Division in 1972. In October 1973, following a bottom placed finish and relegation back to the Third Division, Saward was sacked and replaced by Brian Clough. Following his spell at Brighton, Saward coached in Saudi Arabia,[3] as well as managing Emirati club Al-Nasr.[4]  After retiring he stayed in Dubai until health issues necessitated a return to the United Kingdom to be near family. He died in September 2002, aged 74, as a result of Bronchial pneumonia.[5] "
Ultimatum (2009 film);"   Ultimatum  is a 2009 French-Israeli-Italian drama film co-written and directed by Alain Tasma, starring Gaspard Ulliel and Jasmine Trinca.[2][3] The film was released in France on 30 September 2009 by Mars Distribution.[1]  1990, New Year's Eve, the United Nations calls on Iraq to withdraw its soldiers from Kuwait on pain of NATO military intervention. In the West, people imagine the possibility of a third world war, while in Jerusalem, there are concerns about chemical and biological weapons.  Luisa, a 23-year-old Franco-Italian, studies ancient history in Jerusalem. Nathanaël, also 23, is a painter and works as a security guard in East Jerusalem. As Saddam Hussein threatens to launch SCUD missiles at Israel, the young couple deals with the ramifications of world events on their relationship.  This 2000s drama film–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This article related to a French film of the 2000s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This article related to an Italian film of the 2000s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Alain Tasma Valérie Zenatti Thomas Anargyros Édouard de Vésinne Gaspard Ulliel Jasmine Trinca Michel Boujenah Anna Galiena Sarah Adler Hana Laszlo Lior Ashkenazi Orange Studio France 3 Cinéma Lama Films Film Kairos 30 September 2009 (2009-09-30) (France) France[1] Israel[1] Italy[1] French[1] Hebrew[1] Italian[1] English[1] Gaspard Ulliel as Nathanaël Jasmine Trinca as Luisa Michel Boujenah as Victor Anna Galiena as Rachel Sarah Adler as Tamar Hana Laszlo as Bella Lior Ashkenazi as Gil"
George Talbot (judge);"  Sir George John Talbot (19 June 1861 – 11 July 1938) was an English barrister and High Court judge.  Talbot was born in London in 1861, the eldest son of John Gilbert Talbot, Conservative Member of Parliament for West Kent and for Oxford University, and of The Hon Meriel Sarah Talbot, née Lyttelton, eldest daughter of George Lyttelton, 4th Baron Lyttelton. Through his mother he was related to several prominent members of the Lyttelton family, such as Alfred Lyttelton, Arthur Lyttelton, and George William Spencer Lyttelton. Through his father he was the nephew of Edward Talbot, Bishop of Winchester.  Talbot's father was educated at Charterhouse, but his disapproval of the migration of that school to Godalming caused him in 1873 to send his son to Winchester College. In 1880 Talbot gained a junior studentship at Christ Church, Oxford, where he obtained first-class honours in classical moderations (1882) and in literae humaniores (1884). In 1886 was elected to a prize fellowship at All Souls College, Oxford.  A career in the Church or at the bar was obvious for Talbot. On his father's side he was sixth in descent from Lord Chancellor Talbot, while on his mother's side he was thirteenth in descent from Sir Thomas Littleton, judge of the Common Pleas, and ninth in descent from Lord Chancellor Bromley. His grandfather, John Chetwynd Talbot (a son of Charles Chetwynd-Talbot, 2nd Earl Talbot), whose law library he inherited, had a highly successful career at the parliamentary bar in its busiest days of railway promotions. As all these ancestors were members of the Inner Temple Talbot followed them, and was there called to the bar in 1887. He took silk in 1906, became a bencher of his Inn in 1914, and was its treasurer in 1936.  Until late in his career at the bar his busy practice was mainly before parliamentary committees, and in work of a like character, such as in the Railway and Canal Commission. He was also a learned ecclesiastical lawyer, and was eventually chancellor of six dioceses. He was counsel to the University of Oxford from 1915 to 1923. During the latter part of his career he increasingly appeared before the House of Lords and the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. Among his prominent appearances were Bowman v Secular Society and Viscountess Rhondda's Claim in the Committee of Privileges of the House of Lords. Of the latter case, Lord Greene, future Master of the Rolls, thought that Talbot's argument, before a troublesome and divided tribunal, was the finest effort of advocacy which he ever heard.  In October 1916 Lord Buckmaster, considering Talbot for a vacant judgeship in the King's Bench Division, consulted the Prime Minister, H. H. Asquith, who dissuaded him (to Buckmaster's subsequent regret) on the ground that promotion from the parliamentary bar would not be popular with the profession, and Henry McCardie was appointed instead. In the opinion of Sir Frank Douglas MacKinnon If Talbot had been appointed then, his judicial career would probably have ended in the House of Lords.  In November 1923, on the retirement of Mr Justice Darling, Lord Cave recommended Talbot's appointment as a Justice of the King's Bench Division of the High Court, and he was given the customary knighthood in 1924. On the bench he displayed every quality of the ideal judge. He had learning, dignity, industry, patience, and courtesy, his decisions were almost invariably right, and on most occasions were thought to be so by the Court of Appeal. And (although he tried at least one sensational murder case) his name was unknown to the readers of the popular newspapers. Following his appointment to sit in the Commercial Court, he started there with a protest against one with so little experience of that class of work being selected. That, however, was the fault of a very needless modesty—he did the work as well as he did everything else. In criminal trials on circuit, of which he had had little experience at the bar, he had no contemporary superior.  Towards the end of 1936 Talbot's powers, both physical and mental, began to fail. In June 1937 he resigned, and thereupon was sworn of the Privy Council. His resignation would probably have taken place earlier if he had not waited to be present at Winchester, on 29 May, when seven Wykehamist judges were received ad portas. Winchester College was, next to his wife and family, Talbot's greatest object of devotion. He was a fellow from 1930 until he resigned shortly before his death, and for a time was sub-warden. In 1935 he was elected an honorary student of Christ Church, and he served for thirty-five years on the council of Keble College, Oxford.  Talbot died on 11 July 1938 at Falconhurst, near Edenbridge, Kent, the pleasant estate created by his grandfather, and was buried at Markbeech near by. His wife survived him. Their elder son predeceased him in 1922, the younger son followed his father to the Inner Temple and the bar.  His legal publications included Modern Decisions on Ritual (1934) and Law and Practice of Licensing (1896 and 1905).[1]  Talbot was a tall, handsome man with a fresh complexion. He was a tireless walker in the country, and his pleasure in walking was increased by his being an ardent and very learned botanist. He had a cold bath every morning, and was never known to wear an overcoat in town or country. His reading was widespread, and he remained a fine scholar throughout his life. When he left Oxford he set himself a great programme of Greek and Latin literature, and by the strict devotion of a fixed daily time he completed the task in upwards of thirty years. He was a great lover of music, especially of Handel, although he never played any instrument. Nature endowed him with a very hot temper, but his intense self-discipline concealed that fact. He was a very devout churchman, who went to the early communion every Sunday and on all major saints' days. Some foolish person allegedly once asked Charles Gore whether the law was a suitable career for a man of high ideals, the bishop answered: 'Do you know George Talbot?' "
Szabolcs Bátori;" Szabolcs Bátori (born 7 May 2002 in Miskolc) is a Hungarian artistic gymnast.[1]  Szabolcs Bátori won a bronze in senior team at the 2020 European Men's Artistic Gymnastics Championships.    This biographical article related to Hungarian artistic gymnastics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
BDŽ class 76;" After 1973 the acquisition of additional high-speed diesel locomotives was considered to complement the BDZ park for the Septemvri - Dobrinishte line and especially for the replacement of the steam tram along the line Cherven Bryag - Oryahovo. The acquisition of class 75 locomotives failed for a number of reasons.[1] Thus a construction and supply contract was signed with the Romanian plant "23 August" (now FAUR) - Bucharest. The locomotives were built to the technical conditions of BDZ, reflecting the experience of the already 10 years of operation of the class 75 locomotives.  Initially, a prototype of the locomotive was designated 76-15 (after the test runs the machine had to be returned to the factory for refurbishment when the locomotives 76-01 to 76-14 were already under construction) to be delivered as the last locomotive in the series. The program was implemented and all locomotives were put into operation from May to September 1977, and 76-15 arrived in February 1978.  Initially, all class 76 locomotives were assigned to the Cherven Bryag depot. This replaced the steam traction on the line entirely. Later it was found that their number was bigger than required and five were sent to the Septemvri depot (76-11 to 76-15). Their operation shows, despite the proximity of the technical parameters to those of class 75, that they have lower operating capacities, more failures and lower quality of workmanship. After the cessation of the operation of the Cherven Bryag - Oryahovo and Varvara - Pazardjik lines in 2002, the scrapping of locomotives in the two main narrow-gauge depots (Cherven Bryag and Septemvri) took place and in the park of BDZ four locomotives of class 76 remained. In 2009, BDZ sold 3 of them to Argentina, and one was left for a museum exhibit and was stored in the Septemvri depot.  [2]  Translated from Локомотиви БДЖ серия 76.000 Димитър Деянов, Локомотивното стопанство на БДЖ 1947 – 1990, Sofia, 1993"
1637 in music;" The year 1637 in music involved some significant events.  … 1627 1628 1629 1630 1631 1632 1633 1634 1635 1636 1637 1638 1639 1640 1641 1642 1643 1644 1645 1646 1647 … Art Archaeology Architecture Literature Music Philosophy Science +... The first public opera house, Teatro San Cassiano, opens in Venice. Johann Jakob Froberger travels to Rome to study under Girolamo Frescobaldi. Delphin Strungk becomes organist at the Marienkirche in Brunswick. Robert Ramsey, organist of Trinity College, Cambridge, becomes Master of the Children at the college. Antonio Cesti joins the Franciscan order. The Westminster Musicians Guild attempts to assert control over the musicians of London, in competition with the Worshipful Company of Musicians. Benedetto Ferrari – Musiche varier a voce sola, volume 2, published in Venice Girolamo Frescobaldi – Partite sopra l'aria della Romanesca Tarquinio Merula – Canzoni overo Sonate concertate per chiesa e camera Benedetto Ferrari & Francesco Manelli – Andromeda (the first publicly shown opera, premièred at Teatro San Cassiano in Venice, during carnival) Virgilio Mazzocchi & Marco Marazzoli – Chi soffre, speri (premièred February 12) February 11 – Friedrich Nicolaus Brauns, composer and music director (died 1718) December 7 – Bernardo Pasquini, composer of opera and church music (died 1710) date unknown – Giovanni Grancino, luthier (died 1709) probable – Dieterich Buxtehude (died 1707) May 29 – Jiří Třanovský, hymn-writer (born 1592) July 6 – Charles d'Ambleville, French composer September 14 – Theodoor Rombouts, painter of musicians (born 1597) dates unknown – Basilius Froberger and Anna Froberger, parents of Johann Jakob Froberger (plague)"
Connecticut's 69th House of Representatives district;" Connecticut's 69th House of Representatives district elects one member of the Connecticut House of Representatives. It consists of the towns of Bridgewater, Roxbury, Washington, and parts of Southbury. It has been represented by Republican Cindy Harrison since 2021.[1]  This Connecticut-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Pack-In-Video;" Pack-In-Video Co., Ltd. (株式会社パック・イン・ビデオ, Kabushiki-gaisha Pakku-In-Bideo) was a Japanese video game publisher and video distributor. The games published were mostly focused on the Japanese market although a few titles have been published abroad. In October 1996, the company was merged with the video game division of Victor Entertainment and became Victor Interactive Software.[3]  Satsujin Kippu wa Heart-iro Dokudami Tenement Ninja Ryukenden Humanoid Monster Bem Love Potion: Halley Densetsu Record of Lodoss War: Special Edition The Laughing Salesman"
2012 IAAF World Indoor Championships – Women's high jump;"   The women's high jump at the 2012 IAAF World Indoor Championships took place March 9 and 10 at the Ataköy Athletics Arena.  Qualification standard: 1.95 m (Q) or at least best 8 qualified (q).  20 athletes from 17 countries participated.  One athlete did not start the competition  The qualification round started at 09:37 and ended at 11:46.[1]  8 athletes from 8 countries participated.  The final started at 18:16 and ended at 19:24.[2]  v t e"
ETRR-1;" ETRR-1 or ET-RR-1 (Experimental Training Research Reactor Number one, and sometimes called Egypt Test and Research Reactor Number one[7]), is the first nuclear reactor in Egypt[8] supplied by the USSR in 1958.[9] The reactor is owned and operated by Egyptian Atomic Energy Authority (AEA) at the Nuclear Research Center in Inshas, 40–60 kilometres (25–37 mi) northeast of Cairo.[10][11]  ETRR-1 is the second oldest research reactor in the Middle East, after the Israeli IRR-1 reactor.[12]  The reactor is a Light Water tank type WWR 2 MW research reactor[6] with an initial fuel load of 3.2 kilograms (7.1 lb) 10% enriched uranium U235 (EK-10)[1] imported from Russia, since then the reactor had never been refueled.[4][13]  In the 1980s, ETRR-1 reactor was shut down to modernize and extend the reactor's operability by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).[4][8]  In March 2001 and July 2002, the IAEA was investigating on the environmental samples which was taken from the ETRR-1's hot cells that revealed traces of actinides and fission products, which was explained by Egypt in July 2003, that the presence of the particles was attributed by a damaged nuclear fuel cladding resulted in contamination of the reactor water that penetrated the hot cells from irradiated sample cans.[14][15]  In 2004–2005, an investigation by IAEA discovered that between 1999 and 2003, Egypt conducted about 12 unreported experiments, performed using a total of 1.15g of natural uranium compounds and 9 thorium samples had been irradiated and conducted at the ETRR-1 to test the production of fission product isotopes for medical purposes. The irradiated compounds had been dissolved in three laboratories, located in the Nuclear Chemistry Building with no plutonium or U-233 being separated during these experiments.[13][14][16]  Egypt justified its reporting failures, as the government and the IAEA had “differing interpretations” of Egypt's safeguards obligations and emphasizing that the country's “nuclear activities are strictly for peaceful purposes”[15] Accordingly, Egypt maintained full cooperation during the 2004–2005 investigation, and had taken corrective actions by submitting inventory change reports (ICRs) and providing a modified design information for the ETRR-1 reactor.[13][14][16]  In 2009, The IAEA's Safeguards Implementation Report (SIR) for 2008, concludes that earlier issues of undeclared nuclear activities and material reported to the Board of Governors in February 2005, are no longer outstanding, as the IAEA found no discrepancies between what have been declared during the investigation, and IAEA's findings and no evidences of extraction of plutonium or enrichment of uranium.[13][14][17]  Data from [3][4][5][6]    In April 2010, one of the cooling pumps of the ETRR-1's reactor broke, according to Mohamed Al-Qolali, the Director of the Egyptian Atomic Energy Authority, the accident was immediately fixed without any radioactive water leakage, as this incident happened due to operating the reactor without receiving safe operation permission from the Nuclear Safety Authority. According to Al-Qolali, the reactor director and the operating manager were responsible for the accident and there were two visits by IAEA, one on July and another one on August, to ensure that the security measures had been taken, and they recommend for urgent renovation of the aging reactor, in order to restoring operations.[18][19] On 25 May 2011,[19] another incident of water leakage happened again for the second time, due to explosion in the reactor's pump, which released 10 cubic metres (350 cu ft) of radioactive water, according to a source at the Atomic Energy Authority said to a Rose El Youssef newspaper, that the disaster is considered to be a third degree, according to the IAEA's International Nuclear Event Scale.[20] The government and officials denied any radiation leaks,[21] and attributed the accident to a leakage of water from a pump that has nothing to do with the normal fuel cycle.[19][22] Finally, The Atomic Energy Authority admitted of a leak of radioactive water from ETRR-1, with a zero risk to the reactor and the neighboring area, as the leaking fluid was immediately contained, according to Naguib Ashoub, Director of the Department of Reactors "the first reactor is 50 years old and hasn't been operated for a year and a half," and he explained that, "the leak took place during the maintenance of the pump," confirming that the safety measures had been taken without any leaks outside the chamber and that IAEA's inspectors visited the reactor, the day after the leak, without detecting any radiation.[19][23] A contradicting statement by Samir Mekheimar, a former Director at the Nuclear Research Center said, "the fact that the reactor was by mere chance not operated the next day saved the area from environmental disaster." Also, he added, that the leak was due to an operator error and the AEA ordered its staff not to publicize the leak or face dismissal.[19][24] In addition, according to Hani Amer, which was an Egyptian Nuclear Safety Agency's inspector who visited the site, attributed the accident due to a valve failure coolant from the primary reactor was not able to flow through the correct channels to the waste tanks, and no workers had been exposed to radioactivity and that,"the radiation level was in the range of 1 microsievert per hour, which is four times the normal background level of 0.25 microsievert per hour."[19] Safeguards: IAEA Total Staff: 18 No of Operators: 7 Reactor Type: Tank WWR Thermal Power, Steady (kW): 2,000.00 Max Flux SS, Thermal (n/cm2-s): 1.5E13[8][25] Max Flux SS, Fast (n/cm2-s): 3.6E13[8] Thermal Power, Pulsed (MW): 0.00 Moderator: Light water Coolant: Light water Forced Cooling: 960 cubic metres per hour (34,000 cu ft/h) Coolant Velocity in Core: 1.8 metres per second (5.9 ft/s) Reflector: H2O Control Rods Material: BC, SS[clarification needed] Control Rods number: 9 Horizontal Channels: 9 Horizontal Max Flux (n/cm2-s): 5.0E8[8] Horizontal Use: Neutron physics, solid state, and shielding Vertical Channels: 8 Vertical Max Flux (n/cm2-s): 0.8E13 Vertical Use: Production of radioisotopes Core Irradiation Facilities: 1 Core Max Flux (n/cm2-s): 0.8E13 Loops Max Flux: 1.0E13 Origin of Fissile Material: Russia Enrichment Supplier: Russia Equilibrium Core Size: 44 Rods per Element: 16[2] Dimensions of Rods: 10 millimetres (0.39 in) diameter, 500 litres (110 imp gal, 130 US gal) Cladding Material: Aluminum alloy[2] Cladding Thickness: 1.5 millimetres (0.059 in) Fuel Thickness: 7 millimetres (0.28 in) Burnup on Discharge, max %: 25 Burnup Average, %: 20 Fuel Fabricator: Russia Hours per Day: 3 Days per Week: 3 Weeks per Year: 20 MW Days per Year: 96 Materials/fuel test experiments: No Neutron Scattering: No Neutron Radiography: No Neutron capture therapy: No Activation Analysis: No Transmutation: No Geochronology: No Other Uses: Solid state, nuclear, and reactor physics, chemical research, isotope production, and biological irradiation ETRR-2 Nuclear program of Egypt Egyptian Atomic Energy Authority List of nuclear reactors Fuel Manufacturing Pilot Plant"
Tamara Erofeyeva;" Tamara Ivanovna Erofeyeva (Russian: Тамáра Ивáновна Ерофе́ева, pronounced [tɐˈmarə ɪˈvanəvnə jɪrɐˈfʲeɪvə]) (born June 29, 1937) is a Soviet-Russian linguist. She is a Doctor of Philology, served as Dean of the philological faculty at Perm State University (1982 - 1988), is a leader of Sociolinguistic study of urban language,[1] head of the school of Socio- and Psycholinguistics[2] in the Department of General and Slavonic Linguistics[3] at Perm State National Research University, and is an Honorary Figure of Russian Higher Education.  Some of her works include:  This article on a Russian linguist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.  Machine translation, like DeepL or Google Translate, is a useful starting point for translations, but translators must revise errors as necessary and confirm that the translation is accurate, rather than simply copy-pasting machine-translated text into the English Wikipedia. Consider adding a topic to this template: there are already 2,656 articles in the main category, and specifying|topic= will aid in categorization. Do not translate text that appears unreliable or low-quality. If possible, verify the text with references provided in the foreign-language article. You must provide copyright attribution in the edit summary accompanying your translation by providing an interlanguage link to the source of your translation. A model attribution edit summary is Content in this edit is translated from the existing Russian Wikipedia article at [[:ru:Ерофеева, Тамара Ивановна]], see its history for attribution. You should also add the template {{Translated|ru|Ерофеева, Тамара Ивановна}} to the talk page. For more guidance, see Wikipedia:Translation. Список научных трудов профессора Т. И. Ерофеевой Талант учителя — в его учениках: К юбилею Тамары Ивановны Ерофеевой отв. ред. Б. В. Кондаков, Перм. гос. нац. иссл. ун-т. — Пермь, 2012. С. 13-33"
Queen of the South Stakes;"   The Queen of the South Stakes is a South Australian Jockey Club Group 2 Thoroughbred horse race for fillies and mares, three years old and up, at set weights with penalties, over a distance of 1600 metres held at Morphettville Racecourse in Adelaide, Australia during the SAJC Autumn Carnival.[1]  The race record time for running of the 1600 metres is held by Shavano Miss in a time of 1:34.55 in 1991.[5]  Most wins by a trainer - 6 times:[2][5]   1981 - Breeders' Matchmaker Stakes[2] 1982–1990 - Queen of the South Stakes 1991–1992 - Southwark Premium Classic 1993–1999 - Sedgwick Classic 2000–2005 - Marsh Classic 2006 - Coolmore Mile[3] 2007 - Waterford Wedgwood Trophy[4] 2008 onwards - Queen of the South Stakes 1982–1985 - Listed Race 1986 - Group 3 1987 onwards - Group 2 1981 - 1500 metres (held at Victoria Park)[2] 1982 onwards - 1600 metres Colin S, Hayes - 1981, 1983–85, 1989–90 2022 - Silent Sovereign[6] 2021 - Fabric[7] 2020 - Shrouded In Mist[8] 2019 - Music Bay[9] 2018 - French Emotion[10] 2017 - Amelie's Star[11] 2016 - Into The Mist[12] 2015 - Atlantis Dream[13] 2014 - Tango's Daughter[14] 2013 - Star of Giselle[15] 2012 - So Pristine[16] 2011 - Goon Serpent[17] 2010 - Returntosender[18] 2009 - Bird of Fire[19] 2008 - Trick Of Light[20] 2007 - Cinque Cento[4] 2006 - Open Cut[3] 2005 - Hidden Strings[21] 2004 - Jameela[22] 2003 - Sylvaner[23] 2002 - Sylvaner[24] 2001 - Lady Marion[25] 2000 - La Zoffany[26] 1999 - Noircir[27] 1998 - Spectrum[28] 1997 - Miss Tessla[29] 1996 - Saleous[30] 1995 - Our Marquise[31] 1994 - Ausmart[32] 1993 - San Pauli Girl[33] 1992 - Shavano Miss[34] 1991 - Shavano Miss[35] 1990 - Memphis Blues[36] 1989 - Memphis Blues[37] 1988 - Adraanito[38] 1987 - Goblet[39] 1986 - Canny Lass[40] 1985 - Star Style Girl[41] 1984 - Casey Belle 1983 - Corona Miss 1982 - Rose Of Kingston 1981 - Parisian Romp[2] List of Australian Group races Group races"
Leanna Brown;" Leanna Brown (May 11, 1935 – December 15, 2016) was an American politician who served in both houses of the New Jersey Legislature, where she represented New Jersey's 26th legislative district, including parts of Morris and Passaic Counties. She was the first Republican woman elected to the New Jersey Senate.  Brown was born Leanna Cawley Young in Providence, Rhode Island. Her father was a partner at the New York brokerage firm of Blyth, Eastman Dillon & Co. She attended the Northfield School for Girls (now part of Northfield Mount Hermon School) in Gill, Massachusetts and was graduated in 1952. She was graduated from Smith College in 1956.[1] She married a Yale graduate, Stanley Brown, and they settled in Chatham, New Jersey  Initially, Brown spent four years writing test questions for Educational Testing Service that is located outside Princeton, New Jersey. She later became active in local politics in Chatham, serving on the borough council from 1969 to 1972. In 1972, she was elected to serve on the Morris County Board of Chosen Freeholders. She was named freeholder director in 1976 and president of the New Jersey Association of Counties in 1978.[2]  In 1980, Brown won a special election to an unexpired term in the New Jersey General Assembly. She was re-elected the following year. In 1983, she challenged her former running-mate, James P. Vreeland, for the Republican nomination for state senate in the 26th district. She won the primary in what the Philadelphia Daily News described as a "stunning upset" and she was elected to the state senate, becoming the first woman from the Republican Party to serve in the upper house of the state legislature.[3][4]  In 1989, she formed an exploratory committee to consider a run for governor of New Jersey. Brown ultimately decided against running in the Republican primary, which was won by Jim Courter.[5]  In 1993, Brown resigned from the state senate when she was appointed to the New Jersey Casino Control Commission, initially, to serve out the unexpired term of Charles J. Irwin. Assemblymember Robert Martin was chosen to fill Brown's vacancy in the senate.[6] The following year she was named by Governor Christine Todd Whitman to a full five-year term on the commission, serving until 1999.[7]  Brown and her husband founded Brown Global Enterprises, a small consulting firm. In 2001, she volunteered to work on the transition team for President George W. Bush.[8] In May 2007, she was appointed by Bush to serve on the President's Commission on White House Fellowships.[9]  After graduation from Smith, Brown married William Stanley Brown, who had attended the Mount Hermon School and Yale University. They settled in Chatham, New Jersey and became longtime residents. He was a scientist, working at Bell Telephone Laboratories in Murray Hill.[10] Stan died on January 16, 2013.[11] They had two sons, four grandchildren, and one great-granddaughter.  Later, She lived in Morristown, New Jersey and on December 15, 2016, she died at her son's home in Lebanon, New Jersey after a short illness.[12][13] "
Fall of Berlin (1806);"   The Fall of Berlin took place on 27 October 1806 when the Prussian capital of Berlin was captured by French forces in the aftermath of the Battle of Jena–Auerstedt. The Emperor of the French Napoleon Bonaparte entered the city, from which he issued his Berlin Decree implementing his Continental System. Large-scale plundering of Berlin took place.[1]  The Prussian forces and their King Frederick William III fled eastwards to Königsberg in East Prussia to continue resistance  The subsequent Battle of Eylau, the Battle of Friedland and the Treaty of Tilsit compelled Prussia to cede large portions of its territories and accept French garrisons in its major fortresses and settlements. Prussia became a client state of France, forced to pay large indemnities, and Berlin itself remained occupied until early 1813. A garrison was also established at the nearby Spandau Citadel.  Following Napoleon's Retreat from Moscow in 1812, Prussian forces serving as auxiliaries for the French switched sides and supported Russia. This combined with major uprisings across Prussian territory, forcing French troops to retreat and abandon Berlin. The city then became a major target for the French who attempted to recapture it during the German Campaign of 1813, ending only with the complete French withdrawal following the Battle of Leipzig.[1]  Although Berlin had previously briefly been raided two times during the Seven Years' War, its occupation was a major blow to the Prussian leadership. It destroyed the reputation the Prussian Army had gained during the days of Frederick the Great. After arriving in Berlin, Napoleon visited the tomb of Frederick and is reported to have said to his marshals "Hats off gentlemen, if he were alive we wouldn’t be here today". This became an iconic scene in German culture, portrayed in Prussian films such as Old Fritz (1927) and Kolberg (1945).[2]  In the wake of the fall of Berlin, a major reform movement was launched to restore the fighting effectiveness of the Prussian Army and renew the nation at large in order to plan a war of revenge against France.[3] The reformed Prussian forces playing a key role in the subsequent French retreat from Germany in 1813-14, and during Napoleon's final defeat during the Waterloo Campaign in 1815.  v t e Schleiz Saalfeld Jena–Auerstedt Erfurt Halle Berlin Prenzlau Pasewalk Stettin Waren-Nossentin Lübeck Poland Uprising Magdeburg Hamelin Czarnowo Golymin Pułtusk Graudenz Schweidnitz Kozel Mohrungen Allenstein Hoofe Eylau Ostrołęka Kolberg Danzig Stralsund Guttstadt-Deppen Heilsberg Friedland"
Selenium chloride;" Selenium chloride may refer to either of the following:  Selenium monochloride, Se2Cl2 Selenium dichloride, SeCl2 Selenium tetrachloride, SeCl4"
2001 Tro-Bro Léon;" The 2001 Tro-Bro Léon was the 18th edition of the Tro-Bro Léon cycle race and was held on 3 June 2001.[2] The race was won by Jacky Durand.  This cycling race article related to French cycling is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Lehman Brothers;"   Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. (/ˈliːmən/ LEE-mən) was an American global financial services firm founded in 1847.[2] Before filing for bankruptcy in 2008, Lehman was the fourth-largest investment bank in the United States (behind Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, and Merrill Lynch), with about 25,000 employees worldwide.[3][4] It was doing business in investment banking, equity, fixed-income and derivatives sales and trading (especially U.S. Treasury securities), research, investment management, private equity, and private banking. Lehman was operational for 158 years from its founding in 1850 until 2008.[5]  On September 15, 2008, Lehman Brothers filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection following the exodus of most of its clients, drastic declines in its stock price, and the devaluation of assets by credit rating agencies. The collapse was largely due to Lehman's involvement in the subprime mortgage crisis and its exposure to less liquid assets.[6][7][8] Lehman's bankruptcy filing was the largest in US history,[9] and is thought to have played a major role in the unfolding of the financial crisis of 2007–2008. The market collapse also gave support to the "Too big to fail" doctrine.[10]  After Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy, global markets immediately plummeted. The following day,  major British bank Barclays announced its agreement to purchase, subject to regulatory approval, a significant and controlling interest in Lehman's North American investment-banking and trading divisions, along with its New York headquarters building.[11][12] On September 20, 2008, a revised version of that agreement was approved by U.S. Bankruptcy Court Judge James M. Peck.[13] The next week, Nomura Holdings announced that it would acquire Lehman Brothers' franchise in the Asia-Pacific region, including Japan, Hong Kong and Australia,[14] as well as Lehman Brothers' investment banking and equities businesses in Europe and the Middle East. The deal became effective on October 13, 2008.[15]  In 1844, 23-year-old Henry Lehman,[16] the son of a Jewish cattle merchant, emigrated to the United States from Rimpar, Bavaria.[17] He settled in Montgomery, Alabama,[16] where he opened a dry-goods store, "H. Lehman".[18] In 1847, following the arrival of his brother Emanuel Lehman, the firm became "H. Lehman and Bro."[2] With the arrival of their youngest brother, Mayer Lehman, in 1850, the firm changed its name again and "Lehman Brothers" was founded.[18][19]  During the 1850s, cotton was one of the most important crops in the United States, and was Alabama's highest-grossing cash crop. Until the U.S. Civil War, nearly all U.S. cotton was produced by slave labor, and by the 1860 census, slaves constituted nearly 45% of Alabama's total population.[20] Mayer Lehman was listed as the owner of seven slaves ("three males and four females ranging in age from 5 to 50") in the U.S. Census of 1860.[21]  Capitalizing on cotton's high market value, the three brothers began to routinely accept raw cotton from slave plantations as payment for merchandise, eventually beginning a second business trading in cotton. Within a few years this business grew to become the most significant part of their operation. Following Henry's death from yellow fever in 1855,[18][22] the remaining brothers continued to focus on their commodities-trading/brokerage operations.  By 1858, the center of cotton trading had shifted from the South to New York City, where factors and commission houses were based. Lehman opened its first branch office at 119 Liberty Street,[22][23] and 32-year-old Emanuel relocated there to run the office.[18] In 1862, facing difficulties as a result of the Civil War, the firm teamed up with a cotton merchant named John Durr to form Lehman, Durr & Co.[24][25] Following the war the company helped finance Alabama's reconstruction. The firm's headquarters were eventually moved to New York City, where it helped found the New York Cotton Exchange in 1870, commodifying the crop,[22][26] Emanuel sat on the board of governors until 1884. The firm also dealt in the emerging market for railroad bonds and entered the financial-advisory business.[27]  Lehman became a member of the Coffee Exchange as early as 1883 and finally the New York Stock Exchange in 1887.[22][26] In 1899, it underwrote its first public offering, the preferred and common stock of the International Steam Pump Company.[28]  Despite the offering of International Steam, the firm's real shift from being a commodities house to a house of issue did not begin until 1906.[23][29] In that year, under Emanuel's son Philip Lehman, the firm partnered with Goldman, Sachs & Co.,[29][30][31]  to bring the General Cigar Co. to market,[32] followed closely by Sears, Roebuck and Company.[32] Among these were F.W. Woolworth Company,[32][33] May Department Stores Company, Gimbel Brothers, Inc.,[34] R.H. Macy & Company,[34] The Studebaker Corporation,[33] the B.F. Goodrich Co.,[27] and Endicott Johnson Corporation.  Following Philip Lehman's retirement in 1925, his son Robert "Bobbie" Lehman took over as head of the firm.[23][35][36] During Bobbie's tenure, the company weathered the capital crisis of the Great Depression by focusing on venture capital while the equities market recovered.[37]  In 1924, John M. Hancock became the first non-family member to join the firm,[30][38] followed by Monroe C. Gutman and Paul Mazur, who became partners in 1927.[39][40] By 1928, the firm had moved to its One William Street location.[41]  In the 1930s, Lehman underwrote the initial public offering of the first television manufacturer, DuMont Laboratories, and helped fund the Radio Corporation of America (RCA).[42] It also helped finance the rapidly growing oil industry, including the companies Halliburton and Kerr-McGee. In the 1950s, Lehman underwrote the IPO of Digital Equipment Corporation.[43] Later, it arranged the acquisition of Digital by Compaq.  Robert Lehman died in 1969 after 44 years in a leadership position for the firm, leaving no member of the Lehman family actively involved with the partnership.[23] At the same time, Lehman was facing strong headwinds amidst the difficult economic environment of the early 1970s. By 1972, the firm was facing hard times and in 1973, Pete Peterson, chairman and chief executive officer of the Bell & Howell Corporation, was brought in to save the firm.[44][45]  Under Peterson's leadership as chairman and CEO, the firm acquired Abraham & Co. in 1975, and two years later merged with Kuhn, Loeb & Co.,[45] to form Lehman Brothers, Kuhn, Loeb Inc., the country's fourth-largest investment bank, behind Salomon Brothers, Goldman Sachs and First Boston.[46] Peterson led the firm from significant operating losses to five consecutive years of record profits with a return on equity among the highest in the investment-banking industry.[44][47]  By the early 1980s, hostilities between the firm's investment bankers and traders prompted Peterson to promote Lewis Glucksman, the firm's President, COO and former trader, to be his co-CEO in May 1983.[29] Glucksman introduced a number of changes that had the effect of increasing tensions, which when coupled with Glucksman’s management style and a downturn in the markets, resulted in a power struggle that ousted Peterson and left Glucksman as the sole CEO.[44][48]  Upset bankers, who had soured over the power struggle, left the company. Stephen A. Schwarzman, chairman of the firm's M&A committee, recalled in a February 2003 interview with Private Equity International that "Lehman Brothers had an extremely competitive internal environment, which ultimately became dysfunctional." The company suffered under the disintegration, and Glucksman was pressured into selling the firm.[44][49]  Shearson/American Express, an American Express-owned securities company focused on brokerage rather than investment banking, acquired Lehman in 1984, for $360 million.[50] On May 11, the combined firms became Shearson Lehman/American Express.[48]  From 1983 to 1990, Peter A. Cohen was CEO and chairman of Shearson Lehman Brothers,[51] where he led the $1 billion purchase of E.F. Hutton to form Shearson Lehman Hutton.[52][53] In 1989, Shearson backed F. Ross Johnson's management team in its attempted management buyout of RJR Nabisco, but were ultimately outbid by private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, who was backed by Drexel Burnham Lambert.[54]  In 1993, under newly appointed CEO Harvey Golub, American Express began to divest itself of its banking and brokerage operations. It sold its retail brokerage and asset management operations to Primerica[55] and in 1994 it spun off Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb in an initial public offering, as Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc.[56] After being spun off, Dick Fuld became CEO of the company.[57] Fuld steered Lehman through the 1997 Asian Financial Crisis,[58] and when the Long Term Capital Management hedge fund collapsed in 1998.[59][60]  In 2001, the firm acquired the private-client services, or "PCS", business of Cowen & Co.[61] and later, in 2003, aggressively re-entered the asset-management business, which it had exited in 1989.[62] Beginning with $2 billion in assets under management, the firm acquired the Crossroads Group, the fixed-income division of Lincoln Capital Management[62] and Neuberger Berman.[63] These businesses, together with the PCS business and Lehman's private-equity business, comprised the Investment Management Division,[64] which generated approximately $3.1 billion in net revenue.[65]  During the subprime mortgage crisis, Fuld kept his job while CEOs of rivals like Bear Stearns, Merrill Lynch, and Citigroup were forced to resign.[60] In addition, Lehman's board of directors, which included retired CEOs like Vodafone's Christopher Gent and IBM's John Akers were reluctant to challenge Fuld as the firm's share price spiraled lower.  In May 2008, prior to going bankrupt, the firm had $639 billion in assets.[66]  On September 11, 2001, Lehman occupied three floors (38-40) of 1 World Trade Center, where one of its employees was killed in the terrorist attacks of that day.[67][68] Its global headquarters in Three World Financial Center were severely damaged and rendered unusable by falling debris, displacing over 6,500 employees.[67] Trading operations moved to Jersey City, New Jersey.[69] When stock markets reopened on September 17, 2001, Lehman's sales and trading capabilities were restored.[70]  In the ensuing months, the firm spread its operations across New York City in over 40 temporary locations.[71] The investment-banking division converted the first-floor lounges, restaurants, and all 665 guest rooms of the Sheraton Manhattan Hotel into office space.[71]  The bank also experimented with flextime (to share office space) and remote work via virtual private networking after the attacks.[72][73] In October 2001, Lehman purchased a 32-story, 1,050,000-square-foot (98,000 m2) office building for a reported sum of $700 million.[74][75] The building, located at 745 Seventh Avenue, had recently been completed, and not yet occupied, by rival Morgan Stanley.[74][75] Lehman began moving into the new facility in January and finished in March 2002.[76] The firm did not return to Three World Financial Center as its structural integrity had not been given a clean bill of health, and the company could not have waited for repairs to Three World Financial Center to conclude.[77][78]  After the attacks, Lehman's management placed increased emphasis on business continuity planning.[79] Aside from its headquarters in Three World Financial Center, Lehman maintained operations-and-backoffice facilities in Jersey City, space that the firm considered leaving prior to 9/11.[73] The space was not only retained, but expanded, including the construction of a backup-trading facility.[73]  In June 2003, the company was one of ten firms which simultaneously entered into a settlement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Office of the New York State Attorney General and various other securities regulators, regarding undue influence over each firm's research analysts by its investment-banking divisions.[80][81] Regulators alleged that the firms had improperly associated analyst compensation with the firms' investment-banking revenues, and promised favorable, market-moving research coverage, in exchange for underwriting opportunities.[82] The settlement, known as the "global settlement", provided for total financial penalties of $1.4 billion, including $80 million against Lehman, and structural reforms including a complete separation of investment banking departments from research departments, no analyst compensation, directly or indirectly, from investment-banking revenues, and the provision of free, independent, third-party, research to the firms' clients.[80][81]  Lehman was one of the first Wall Street firms to move into the business of mortgage origination. In 1997, Lehman bought Colorado-based lender, Aurora Loan Services, an Alt-A lender. In 2000, to expand their mortgage origination pipeline, Lehman purchased West Coast subprime mortgage lender BNC Mortgage LLC. Lehman quickly became a force in the subprime market. By 2003 Lehman made $18.2 billion in loans and ranked third in lending.  By 2004, this number topped $40 billion. By 2006, Aurora and BNC were lending almost $50 billion per month.[83] By 2008, Lehman had assets of $680 billion supported by only $22.5 billion of firm capital. From an equity position, its risky commercial real estate holdings were thirty times greater than capital. In such a highly leveraged structure, a 3 to 5 percent decline in real estate values would wipe out all capital.[84]  A March 2010 report by the court appointed examiner indicated that Lehman executives regularly used cosmetic accounting gimmicks at the end of each quarter to make its finances appear less shaky than they really were. This practice was a type of repurchase agreement that temporarily removed securities from the company's balance sheet. However, unlike typical repurchase agreements, these deals were described by Lehman as the outright sale of securities and created "a materially misleading picture of the firm’s financial condition in late 2007 and 2008."[85]  In August 2007, the firm closed its subprime lender, BNC Mortgage, eliminating 1,200 positions in 23 locations, and took an after-tax charge of $25 million and a $27 million reduction in goodwill. Lehman said that poor market conditions in the mortgage space "necessitated a substantial reduction in its resources and capacity in the subprime space."[86]  In September 2007, Joe Gregory appointed Erin Callan as CFO. On March 16, 2008, after rival Bear Stearns was taken over by JP Morgan Chase in a fire sale, market analysts suggested that Lehman would be the next major investment bank to fall. Callan fielded Lehman's first quarter conference call, where the firm posted a profit of $489 million, compared to Citigroup's $5.1 billion and Merrill Lynch's $1.97 billion losses which was Lehman’s 55th consecutive profitable quarter. The firm's stock price leapt 46 percent after that announcement.[76][87][88][89]  In 2008, Lehman faced an unprecedented loss to the continuing subprime mortgage crisis. Lehman's loss was a result of having held on to large positions in subprime and other lower-rated mortgage tranches when securitizing the underlying mortgages, it is unclear whether Lehman was simply unable to sell the lower-rated bonds or voluntarily kept them. In any event, huge losses accrued in lower-rated mortgage-backed securities throughout 2008. In the second fiscal quarter, Lehman reported losses of $2.8 billion and was forced to sell off $6 billion in assets.[90] In the first half of 2008 alone, Lehman stock lost 73% of its value as the credit market continued to tighten.[90]  On June 9, 2008, Lehman Brothers announced US$2.8 billion second-quarter loss, its first since being spun off from American Express, as market volatility rendered many of its hedges ineffective during that time. Lehman also reported that it had raised a further $6 billion in capital. As a result, there was major management shakeup, in which Hugh "Skip" McGee III (head of investment banking) held a meeting with senior staff to strip CEO Richard Fuld and his lieutenants of their authority. Consequently, Joe Gregory agreed to resign as president and COO, and afterward he told Erin Callan that she had to resign as CFO. Callan was appointed CFO of Lehman in 2008 but served only for six months, before departing after her mentor Joe Gregory was demoted.[87][88][89] Bart McDade was named to succeed Gregory as president and COO, when several senior executives threatened to leave if he was not promoted. McDade took charge and brought back Michael Gelband and Alex Kirk, who had previously been pushed out of the firm by Gregory for not taking risks.  Although Fuld remained CEO, he soon became isolated from McDade's team.[76][91]  In August 2008, Lehman reported that it intended to release 6% of its work force, 1,500 people, just ahead of its third-quarter-reporting deadline in September.[90] On August 22, 2008, shares in Lehman closed up 5% (16% for the week) on reports that the state-controlled Korea Development Bank was considering buying the bank.[92] Most of those gains were quickly eroded as news came in that Korea Development Bank was "facing difficulties pleasing regulators and attracting partners for the deal."[93]  On September 9, Lehman's shares plunged 45% to $7.79, after it was reported that the state-run South Korean firm had put talks on hold.[94] Investor confidence continued to erode as Lehman's stock lost roughly half its value and pushed the S&P 500 down 3.4% on September 9. The Dow Jones lost 300 points the same day on investors' concerns about the security of the bank.[95] The U.S. government did not announce any plans to assist with any possible financial crisis that emerged at Lehman.[96]  The next day, Lehman announced a loss of $3.9 billion and its intent to sell off a majority stake in its investment-management business, which included Neuberger Berman.[97][98] The stock slid seven percent that day.[98][99] Lehman, after earlier rejecting questions on the sale of the company, was reportedly searching for a buyer as its stock price dropped another 40 percent on September 11, 2008.[99]  Just before the collapse of Lehman Brothers, executives at Neuberger Berman sent e-mail memos suggesting, among other things, that the Lehman Brothers' top people forgo multimillion-dollar bonuses to "send a strong message to both employees and investors that management is not shirking accountability for recent performance."[100] Lehman Brothers Investment Management Director George Herbert Walker IV dismissed the proposal, going so far as to actually apologize to other members of the Lehman Brothers executive committee for the idea having been suggested. He wrote, "Sorry team. I am not sure what's in the water at Neuberger Berman. I'm embarrassed and I apologize."[100]  During hearings on the bankruptcy filing by Lehman Brothers and bailout of AIG before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform,[101] former Lehman Brothers CEO Richard Fuld said a host of factors including a crisis of confidence and naked short-selling attacks followed by false rumors contributed to both the collapse of Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers. House committee Chairman Henry Waxman said the committee received thousands of pages of internal documents from Lehman and these documents portray a company in which there was "no accountability for failure".[102][103][104]  An article by journalist Matt Taibbi in Rolling Stone contended that naked short selling contributed to the demise of both Lehman and Bear Stearns.[105] A study by finance researchers at the University of Oklahoma Price College of Business studied trading in financial stocks, including Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns, and found "no evidence that stock price declines were caused by naked short selling".[106]  On Saturday, September 13, 2008, Timothy F. Geithner, then the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, called a meeting on the future of Lehman, which included the possibility of an emergency liquidation of its assets.[107] Lehman reported that it had been in talks with Bank of America and Barclays for the company's possible sale, however, both Barclays and Bank of America ultimately declined to purchase the entire company, in the former case because the British government (in particular, the Chancellor of the Exchequer Alastair Darling and the CEO of the Financial Services Authority Hector Sants) refused to allow the transaction at the last minute, quoting stockholder regulations in the UK, despite a deal having apparently been completed.[107][108]  The next day, Sunday, September 14, the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) offered an exceptional trading session to allow market participants to offset positions in various derivatives on the condition of a Lehman bankruptcy later that day.[109]  Although the bankruptcy filing missed the deadline, many dealers honored the trades they made in the special session.[110]  Shortly before 1 am Monday morning (UTC−5), Lehman Brothers Holdings announced it would file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection[111] citing bank debt of $613 billion, $155 billion in bond debt, and assets worth $639 billion.[112] It further announced that its subsidiaries would continue to operate as normal.[111]  A group of Wall Street firms agreed to provide capital and financial assistance for the bank's orderly liquidation and the Federal Reserve, in turn, agreed to a swap of lower-quality assets in exchange for loans and other assistance from the government.[113] The morning witnessed scenes of Lehman employees removing files, items with the company logo, and other belongings from the world headquarters at 745 Seventh Avenue. The spectacle continued throughout the day and into the following day.[114]  Brian Marsal, co-chief executive of the restructuring firm Alvarez and Marsal was appointed as Chief restructuring officer and subsequently Chief executive officer of the company.[115]  Later that day, the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) suspended Lehman's Australian subsidiary as a market participant after clearing-houses terminated contracts with the firm.[116] Lehman shares tumbled over 90% on September 15, 2008.[117][118] The Dow Jones closed down just over 500 points on September 15, 2008, which was at the time the largest drop in a single day since the days following the attacks on September 11, 2001.[119]  In the United Kingdom, the investment bank went to administration with PricewaterhouseCoopers appointed as administrators.[120] In Japan, the Japanese branch, Lehman Brothers Japan Inc., and its holding company filed for civil reorganization on September 16, 2008, in Tokyo District Court.[121] On September 17, 2008, the New York Stock Exchange delisted Lehman Brothers.[122]  On March 16, 2011 some three years after filing for bankruptcy and following a filing in a Manhattan U.S. bankruptcy court, Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc announced it would seek creditor approval of its reorganization plan by October 14 followed by a confirmation hearing to follow on November 17.[123][124]   On September 16, 2008, Barclays PLC announced that they would acquire a "stripped clean" portion of Lehman for $1.75 billion, including most of Lehman's North America operations.[11][125] On September 20, 2008, a revised version of the deal, a $1.35 billion (£700 million) plan for Barclays to acquire the core business of Lehman (mainly its $960-million headquarters, a 38-story office building[126] in Midtown Manhattan, with responsibility for 9,000 former employees), was approved.[127][128] Manhattan court bankruptcy Judge James Peck, after a 7-hour hearing, ruled:  "I have to approve this transaction because it is the only available transaction. Lehman Brothers became a victim, in effect the only true icon to fall in a tsunami that has befallen the credit markets. This is the most momentous bankruptcy hearing I've ever sat through. It can never be deemed precedent for future cases. It's hard for me to imagine a similar emergency."[129] Luc Despins, then a partner at Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy, the creditors committee counsel, said: "The reason we're not objecting is really based on the lack of a viable alternative. We did not support the transaction because there had not been enough time to properly review it."[130] In the amended agreement, Barclays would absorb  $47.4 billion in securities and assume $45.5 billion in trading liabilities. Lehman's attorney Harvey R. Miller of Weil, Gotshal & Manges, said "the purchase price for the real estate components of the deal would be $1.29 billion, including $960 million for Lehman's New York headquarters and $330 million for two New Jersey data centers. Lehman's original estimate valued its headquarters at $1.02 billion but an appraisal from CB Richard Ellis this week valued it at $900 million."[131] Barclays were not to acquire Lehman's Eagle Energy unit, but to have entities known as Lehman Brothers Canada Inc, Lehman Brothers Sudamerica, Lehman Brothers Uruguay and its Private Investment Management business for high-net-worth individuals. Finally, Lehman would retain $20 billion of securities assets in Lehman Brothers Inc that are not being transferred to Barclays.[132] Barclays acquired a potential liability of $2.5 billion to be paid as severance, if it chooses not to retain some Lehman employees beyond the guaranteed 90 days.[133]  Nomura Holdings, Japan's top brokerage firm, agreed to buy the Asian division of Lehman Brothers for $225 million[134] and parts of the European division for a nominal fee of $2.[135][136] It would not take on any trading assets or liabilities in the European units. Nomura negotiated such a low price because it acquired only Lehman's employees in the regions, and not its stocks, bonds or other assets. The last Lehman Brothers Annual Report identified that these non-US subsidiaries of Lehman Brothers were responsible for over 50% of global revenue produced.[137]  On September 29, 2008, Lehman agreed to sell Neuberger Berman, part of its investment management business, to a pair of private-equity firms, Bain Capital Partners and Hellman & Friedman, for $2.15 billion.[138]  The transaction was expected to close in early 2009, subject to approval by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court,[139] but a competing bid was entered by the firm's management, who ultimately prevailed in a bankruptcy auction on December 3, 2008. Creditors of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. retain a 49% common equity interest in the firm, now known as Neuberger Berman Group LLC.[140] In Europe, the Quantitative Asset Management Business has been acquired back by its employees on November 13, 2008 and has been renamed back to TOBAM.  Lehman's bankruptcy was the largest failure of an investment bank since Drexel Burnham Lambert collapsed in 1990 amid fraud allegations.[113] Immediately following the bankruptcy filing, an already distressed financial market began a period of extreme volatility, during which the Dow experienced its largest one day point loss, largest intra-day range (more than 1,000 points) and largest daily point gain. What followed was what many have called the "perfect storm" of economic distress factors and eventually a $700bn bailout package (Troubled Asset Relief Program) prepared by Henry Paulson, Secretary of the Treasury, and approved by Congress. The Dow eventually closed at a new six-year low of 7,552.29 on November 20, followed by a further drop to 6626 by March of the next year.  The fall of Lehman also had a strong effect on small private investors such as bond holders and holders of so-called Minibonds. In Germany, structured products, often based on an index, were sold mostly to private investors, elderly, retired persons, students and families. Most of those now worthless derivatives were sold by the German arm of Citigroup, the German Citibank now owned by Crédit Mutuel.[citation needed]  On March 11, 2010, Anton R. Valukas, a court-appointed examiner, published the results of its year-long investigation into the finances of Lehman Brothers.[141] This report revealed that Lehman Brothers used an accounting procedure termed repo 105 to temporarily exchange $50 billion of assets into cash just before publishing its financial statements.[142] The action could be seen to implicate both Ernst & Young, the bank's accountancy firm and Richard S. Fuld, Jr, the former CEO.[143] This could potentially lead to Ernst & Young being found guilty of financial malpractice and Fuld facing time in prison.[144] According to  The Wall Street Journal, in March 2011, the SEC announced that they weren't confident that they could prove that Lehman Brothers violated US laws in its accounting practices.[145]  In October 2011 the administrators of Lehman Brothers Holding Inc. lost their appeal to overturn a court order forcing them to pay £148 million into their underfunded pensions plan.[146]  As of January 2016, Lehman paid more than $105 billion to its unsecured creditors. In addition, JPMorgan will pay $1.42 billion in cash to settle a lawsuit accusing JPMorgan of draining Lehman Brothers liquidity right before the crash. The settlement would permit another $1.496 billion to be paid to creditors and a separate $76 million deposit.[147]  The following is an illustration of the company's major mergers and acquisitions and historical predecessors (this is not a comprehensive list):[148]  American Express(est. 1850)  Cogan, Berlind, Weill & Levitt(formerly Carter, Berlind, Potoma & Weill, est. 1960)  Hayden, Stone & Co.  Shearson, Hammill & Co.(est. 1902)  Carl M. Loeb & Co.(est. 1931)  Rhoades & Company(est. 1905)  Hornblower & Weeks(est. 1888)  Hemphill, Noyes & Co.(est. 1919, acq. 1963)  Spencer Trask & Co.(est. 1866 as Trask & Brown)  Paul H. Davis & Co.(est. 1920, acq. 1953)  Abraham & Co.(est. 1938)  Lehman Brothers(est. 1850)  Kuhn, Loeb & Co.(est. 1867)  E. F. Hutton & Co.(est. 1904)  Neuberger Berman(est. 1939, acq. 2003,sold to management 2009)  Crossroads Group(est. 1981, acq. 2003)  The events of the weekend leading up to Lehman's bankruptcy were dramatized in The Last Days of Lehman Brothers, a 2009 British-made television film.[149]  In the 2010 animated film Despicable Me, Lehman Brothers is referenced near the beginning. The main character Gru travels to the Bank of Evil, the bank that funds all evil plots for villains around the world, to try to take out a loan. As he passes under the banner with the bank's name, and under "Bank of Evil", in small letters, it reads, "Formerly Lehman Brothers".[150]  The 2011 American independent drama film Margin Call focuses on the events of a 24-hour period at a large investment bank based on amalgam of large investment banks, drawing heavily from the culture of Lehman Brothers. (However, the events in the movie are primarily a depiction of the actions of Goldman Sachs.)  The 2011 HBO movie Too Big to Fail recounted the days before Lehman Brothers declared bankruptcy and the fallout afterward.  The 2011 film Horrible Bosses had a character by the name of Kenny Sommerfield (played by P. J. Byrne) who worked at Lehman Brothers till its  bankruptcy, ending up broke.[151]  The fall of Lehman Brothers is depicted in the 2015 movie The Big Short where two of the characters walk around the Lehman Brothers offices after the bankruptcy to see the main trading floor.  In Imbolo Mbue's 2016 debut novel, Behold the Dreamers, an immigrant from Cameroon is a chauffeur for Clark Edwards, an executive at Lehman Brothers.  In the 2016 animated film Zootopia, there's a brief appearance of a bank called Lemming Brothers, which is staffed by lemmings.  The Lehman Trilogy is a three-act play about the history of Lehman Brothers, by Italian dramatist Stefano Massini.[149]  In the 2019 Showtime comedy series, Black Monday, a fictionalized version of Lehman Brothers with an altered spelling is central to the plot and represented by brothers Larry & Lenny Leighman.  * Henry Lehman established his first store location on Commerce Street, in Montgomery, in 1845. In 1848, one year after Emanuel's arrival, the brothers moved "H. Lehman & Bro." to 17 Court Square, where it remained when Mayer arrived in 1850, forming "Lehman Brothers".  ** Designated as a landmark by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Committee in 1996.  *** Sales and trading personnel had been in this location since 1977, they were joined by the firm's investment bankers and brokers in 1980.  Nomura Holdings Barclays Robert Lehman Pete Peterson Richard Fuld Financial services Investment banking Investment management Richard S. Fuld Jr. Scott J. Freidheim Bart McDade Joe Gregory Ian Lowitt, chief financial officer at the time of Lehman's collapse Jessie Bhattal Jeremy Isaacs (not Sir Jeremy Isaacs, the British television producer and executive) Hugh McGee George Herbert Walker IV Frederick M. Warburg Michael Gelband Joseph Rosenberg 17 Court Square, Montgomery, Alabama (1847)*[152] 119 Liberty Street, New York, NY (1858)[152] 176 Fulton Street, New York, NY (1865–1866?)[26][152] 133–35 Pearl Street, New York, NY (1867)[26][152] 40 Exchange Place, New York, NY (1876)[26][152] 16 William Street, New York, NY (1892)[152] One William Street, New York, NY (1928) **[152] 55 Water Street (1980) ***[153] 3 World Financial Center (1985)[154] 745 Seventh Avenue, New York, NY (2002)[155] Banks portal Companies portal Lehman Brothers Treasury MF Global, the largest Wall Street firm to collapse, as it did in 2011, since the Lehman Brothers debacle in September 2008. Valukas Report on the failure of Lehman Bankruptcy in the United States"
Száraz-ér;" The Száraz-ér (Romanian: Ier) is a right tributary of the river Mureș in Romania and Hungary.[1][2] It discharges into the Mureș near Makó. It originates in the city of Arad and flows westwards crossing the border into Hungary near the village of Turnu. It flows through the towns Battonya and Tótkomlós before it enters the Mureș east of Makó. The river is entirely channelized and is integrated into the drainage system of the area.  The Hungarian name of the river means "(dry) brook". The Romanian name derives from that.    This article related to  a river in Arad County is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This article related to a river in Hungary is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Arad Békes Csongrád Arad Battonya Tótkomlós"
Pound (currency);" Pound is the name for a unit of currency. It is used in some countries today and previously was used in many others. The English word pound derives from the  Latin expression lībra pondō, in which lībra is a noun meaning "pound" and pondō is an adverb meaning "by weight".[1][2] The currency's symbol is £, a stylised form of the blackletter L (      L     {\displaystyle {\mathfrak {L}}}  ) (from libra), crossed to indicate abbreviation.  The term was adopted in England from the weight[a]  of silver used to make to 240 pennies,[5] and eventually spread to British colonies all over the world. While silver pennies were produced seven centuries earlier, the first pound coin was minted under Henry VII in 1489.[4]  All of the following currencies have been replaced by the US dollar.  Australian pound (until 1966, replaced by the Australian dollar). The Australian pound was also used in the Gilbert and Ellice Islands, Nauru, New Hebrides and Papua and New Guinea. It was replaced in the New Hebrides/Vanuatu in 1981 by the Vanuatu vatu. Bahamian pound (until 1966, replaced by the Bahamian dollar) Bermudian pound (until 1970, replaced by the Bermudian dollar) Biafran pound (1968 to 1970, replaced by the Nigerian pound) British West African pound in British Cameroon replaced by the CFA franc in 1961 in Gambia, replaced by the Gambian pound in 1968 in Ghana, replaced by the Ghanaian pound in 1958 in Liberia, replaced by the U.S. dollar in 1943 in Nigeria, replaced by the Nigerian pound in 1958 in Sierra Leone, replaced by the leone in 1964 in British Cameroon replaced by the CFA franc in 1961 in Gambia, replaced by the Gambian pound in 1968 in Ghana, replaced by the Ghanaian pound in 1958 in Liberia, replaced by the U.S. dollar in 1943 in Nigeria, replaced by the Nigerian pound in 1958 in Sierra Leone, replaced by the leone in 1964 Canadian pound (until 1859, replaced by the Canadian dollar) Cypriot pound (Cyprus and Sovereign Base Areas of Akrotiri and Dhekelia, until 1 January 2008, replaced by the euro) Fijian pound (until 1969, replaced by the Fijian dollar) Gambian pound (1968 to 1971, replaced by the dalasi) Ghanaian pound (1958 to 1965, replaced by the cedi) Irish pound (Irish: Punt na hÉireann) (until 2002, replaced by the euro) Israeli pound, also known as the Israeli lira (until 1980, replaced by the sheqel) Jamaican pound (until 1968, replaced by the Jamaican dollar). The Jamaican pound was also used in Cayman Islands and Turks and Caicos Islands until 1968. Jordanian pound, see Palestine pound, below. Libyan pound (until 1971, replaced by the Libyan dinar) Malawian pound (1964 to 1970, replaced by the Malawian kwacha) Maltese pound (also known as the Maltese lira and replaced by the euro on 1 January 2008) New Brunswick pound (until 1860, replaced by the New Brunswick dollar) Newfoundland pound (until 1865, replaced by the Newfoundland dollar) New Guinean pound New Zealand pound (until 1967, replaced by the New Zealand dollar). The New Zealand pound was also used in the Cook Islands and the Pitcairn Islands. Nigerian pound (1958 to 1973, replaced by the naira) Nova Scotian pound (until 1860, replaced by the Nova Scotian dollar) Oceanian pound (1942-1945 under Japanese occupation of Kiribati, Nauru, New Guinea, Solomon Islands and Tuvalu) Palestine pound (replaced by the Israeli pound, also served as Jordanian pound, replaced in Jordan by the Jordanian dinar) Pound Scots of Scotland (until 1707 union with England) Prince Edward Island pound (until 1871, replaced by the Prince Edward Island dollar) Rhodesian pound (1964 until 1970 in Rhodesia, replaced by the Rhodesian dollar) Rhodesia and Nyasaland pound (1955-1964, replaced in Southern Rhodesia renamed Rhodesia by the Rhodesian pound, in Northern Rhodesia renamed Zambia by the Zambian pound, and in Nyasaland renamed Malawi by the Malawian pound) Samoan pound (1914–1920 provisional issue by the New Zealand Government military administration. 1920–1959 by the New Zealand Government administration (Treasury notes). 1960–1963 by the Bank of Western Samoa. Replaced 1967 by the tala ($).) Scottish pound: see Pound Scots, above. Solomon Islands pound (1916-1932, replaced by the Australian pound) South African pound (until 1961, replaced by South African rand). The South African pound was also used in Basutoland, Bechuanaland, South West Africa and Swaziland. South African Republic pond (refers to the republic in Transvaal, issued 1867–1902, replaced by the South African pound) South West African pound (1930s to 1961, replaced by South African rand) Southern Rhodesian pound (1896-1955, circulated also in Northern Rhodesia and Nyasaland, replaced by Rhodesia and Nyasaland pound) Sudanese pound (until 1992 and since January 2007) Tongan pound (1921–1966 Government of Tonga Treasury notes. 1967 replaced by the pa'anga ($)) Transvaal pound (see above, South African Republic pond) West Indian pound (until 1949, replaced by East Caribbean dollar) Western Samoan pound (1920-1967, replaced by Samoan tala) Zambian pound (1964 to 1968, replaced by the Zambian kwacha) Connecticut pound (Connecticut) Delaware pound (Delaware) Georgia pound (Georgia) Maryland pound (Maryland) Massachusetts pound (Massachusetts) New Hampshire pound (New Hampshire) New Jersey pound (New Jersey) New York pound (New York) North Carolina pound (North Carolina) Pennsylvania pound (Pennsylvania) Rhode Island pound (Rhode Island) South Carolina pound (South Carolina) Virginia pound (Virginia) Money portal Numismatics portal Green pound, used within the European Union's Common Agricultural Policy until 1999 Lira, "pound" in some languages Italian lira, the Italian word for "pound". (Currency of Italy until 2002, replaced by the euro) Turkish lira, the Turkish word for "pound". Italian lira, the Italian word for "pound". (Currency of Italy until 2002, replaced by the euro) Turkish lira, the Turkish word for "pound". Livre (disambiguation), the French word for "pound" Peso, Spanish for "weight", cognate of "pound" Pound sign, the £ symbol and its variants Roman currency, from which the pound and lira are derived Sterling banknotes – information on the banknotes issued and used in Britain"
Heart of Stone (Rolling Stones song);" "Heart of Stone" is a song by the English rock band the Rolling Stones, credited to the songwriting partnership of Jagger/Richards. London Records first issued it as a single in the United States in December 1964. The song was subsequently included on The Rolling Stones, Now! (February 1965, US) and Out of Our Heads (September 1965, UK).  In an AllMusic review, Richie Unterberger writes, "'Heart of Stone' [is] a slow and soulful, dramatic ballad with the kind of vaguely discordant, droning guitars heard on many an early Rolling Stones slow number. What was impressive was how the Jagger/Richards song, though similar in some respect to American soul ballads of the period ... was not explicitly derivative of any one blues or soul song that they were covering on their mid-60s records. The lilt of the verses owed something to country music and the mournful harmonies heard on the latter part of the verses added to the overall feeling of melancholy moodiness."[2]  The song sees the singer discuss his life as a womanizer, and how one girl in particular won't break his heart:  There've been so many girls that I've known I've made so many cry and still I wonder why Here comes the little girl I see her walking down the street She's all by herself, I try and knock her off her feet But she'll never break, never break, never break, never break,  This heart of stone[1]  "Heart of Stone" was recorded in October 1964 at the RCA Studios in Los Angeles[1] with Jagger singing, Keith Richards and Brian Jones on guitars, Bill Wyman on bass, and Charlie Watts on drums. Jack Nitzsche performs tambourine and piano.  "Heart of Stone" was initially released in December 1964 as a single in the US where it became their second Top 20 US hit, reaching number 19. The song was included on the US album The Rolling Stones, Now! the following February. In 1966, it was included on the collection Big Hits (High Tide and Green Grass), it later appeared on compilation albums including Hot Rocks 1964-1971 (1971), 30 Greatest Hits (1977), Singles Collection: The London Years (1989),[1] and GRRR! (2012).  A longer version appeared in 1975 on the album Metamorphosis. This had been recorded on 21–23 July 1964 with Jimmy Page on guitar and Clem Cattini on drums, probably as a demo.[citation needed]  The British post-punk group the Mekons covered the song on their 1988 album So Good It Hurts, twisting the song's impact with female vocals provided by Sally Timms. The Allman Brothers Band covered the song on their 2003 album Hittin' the Note, their first release with slide guitar player Derek Trucks. The Outcasts from Texas covered the song in 1965.  Sonic's Rendezvous Band has also played the song.  Mick Jagger – lead vocals Keith Richards – lead guitar Brian Jones – baritone guitar, rhythm guitar Bill Wyman – bass guitar, backing vocals Charlie Watts – drums Jack Nitzsche – tambourine, piano"
Ayaka Miyoshi;" Ayaka Miyoshi (三吉彩花, Miyoshi Ayaka, born June 18, 1996) is a Japanese actress, model and former idol.[1][2] She is represented by the talent agency Amuse, Inc. and from 2010 to 2012 was a member of the agency's girl group Sakura Gakuin.[3]  Dōbutsu Bōken Variety: Wanda! (～どうぶつ冒険バラエティ～ワンダ!) (14 October 2011 – 7 September 2012, TV Tokyo) Merengue no Kimochi (メレンゲの気持ち) (11 October 2014 – present, NTV) — Host Kagrra — "Shizuku" (雫〜shizuku〜) (14 February 2007) DEPARTURES — by the band Globe. The video was released on May 3, 2016, 20 years after the band released the song.[17] Won't Cry -  by Jay Chou and Mayday vocalist, Ashin (16 September 2019) 67th Mainichi Film Award (awarded in 2013 for 2012) — Sponichi Grand Prix Newcomer Award (for Gumo Ebian!)[18] 35th Yokohama Film Festival (awarded in 2014) — Best Newcomer Award (for Tabidachi no Uta: Jugo no Haru and Gumo Ebian!)[9]"
Jean-Pierre Posca;" Jean-Pierre Posca (10 March 1952 – 1 January 2010)[1] was a French professional footballer.  Posca began playing football for FC Sochaux-Montbéliard, and would spend his entire professional career with the club. He played several seasons in Ligue 1 with Sochaux and helped the club reach the semi-finals of the 1980–81 UEFA Cup, where it lost to eventual runners-up AZ Alkmaar.[2]    This biographical article related to association football in France, about a defender born in the 1950s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
List of National Invitation Tournament postseason broadcasters;"  The following is an overview and list of the announcers and television networks to broadcast the National Invitation Basketball Tournament (or the NIT).  From 1966-1975,[1] CBS provided national television coverage for selected games from the National Invitation Tournament. Before 1975, the NCAA only allowed one team per conference to play in the NCAA tournament. Therefore, the NIT got many top teams and was considered somewhat comparable in quality to the NCAA men's basketball tournament.  In the early part of this era (circa 1966-1968), CBS carried one game on the opening Saturday and the championship game the following Saturday. By 1969, CBS moved their first round coverage from Saturday to Sunday to avoid conflicting with the NCAA tournament regional finals coverage on NBC. In the process, the NIT title game went head-to-head with the NCAA consolation game. The same would be true on both counts for the next three years.  In 1973, CBS expanded their NIT coverage to four games. The March 17 game (Notre Dame-USC) went up against an NCAA regional final on NBC. Meanwhile, the March 24 game (Notre Dame-North Carolina) went up against the first NCAA Final Four game.  In 1974, CBS covered went from covering four to covering five games in the NIT. The March 16 doubleheader (Md E Shore-Manhattan and Purdue-North Carolina) went up against the NCAA regional finals on NBC. Meanwhile, the March 23 doubleheader (Purdue-Jacksonville and Utah-Boston College) went head-to-head against the NCAA Final Four.  In 1975, CBS did not cover any NIT games on the first weekend, but did carry the semifinals and finals. The March 22 doubleheader (Providence-St John's and Princeton-Oregon) went head-to-head with the NCAA regional finals.  ESPN's 10-year contract not only gave ESPN the entire NIT on TV. It also gave ESPN Radio the rights to provide national radio broadcasts for the NIT during that 10-year span. When the NCAA acquired the NIT, the NIT radio rights became part of the NCAA Radio Network contract and moved over to Dial Global, which would rename themselves Westwood One in September 2013. "
Engle Monumental Clock;" The Engle Monumental Clock is a monumental clock designed by Stephen Decatur Engle.  The first known monumental clock made in the United States was the Engle Monumental Clock. The clock was made entirely by clock designer Stephen Decatur Engle in Hazleton, Pennsylvania. It took Engle 20 years to complete the construction of this clock which was finished in 1878. Wanting to display the clock rather than turning a profit, he turned the clock over to two Philadelphia entrepreneurs who marketed the clock as "The Eighth Wonder of the World."  [1] They toured the clock throughout the Eastern United States, charging 15–25 cents to view it. It continued to tour across the Eastern United States for 70 years before disappearing in 1951. The clock is currently at the National Clock and Watch Museum.[1]  The Engle Monumental Clock measures 11' high, 8' wide, and 3' deep and contains three towers. "Among its mechanical features are two organ movements, 48 moving figures, and a new type of tellurian (patented by Engle) that illustrates the positions of the moon, constellations, and zodiac relative to the rotating earth."[2] The clock also indicates the day of the week, current month, the phase of the moon, and even the current tides. The clock's first promoter was so convinced of its "technical complexity" that he offered a reward of $50,000 to anyone who found a clock that did "more and worked better."[2]  The clock used a number of moving figures including Jesus Christ, the twelve Apostles, the three Marys, Satan, Father Time, the three Ages of Man, Death, Justice, Orpheus, and Linus. Stephen Engle placed an image of himself representing "Middle Age" as his signature of the clock's maker. On the hour, a skeleton representing Death strikes a bone against a skull attached to the column of the clock. At 15, 30, and 45 minutes past the hour, Father Time strikes a bell with a scythe and turns his sandglass while the central figures of Youth, Middle Age, and Old Age revolve in the arch above the clock dial. At 40 minutes past the hour, a group of revolutionary soldiers appear from the clock while a barrel organ plays "patriotic tunes". At 55 minutes past the hour, the three Marys come out of the center tower as a procession of the Apostles takes place accompanied by hymns.[2] "
Thombre;" Thombre (also spelled as Thombare), is a surname native to Indian state of Maharashtra.  Trimbak Bapuji Thombre ("Balkavi Thombre"), (1890-1918) - a Marathi poet. Prarthana Thombare, an Indian tennis player."
Diamant 13;" Diamant 13 is a 2009 French-Belgian-Luxembourgian film noir co-written and directed by Gilles Béhat. The screenplay is based on Hugues Pagan's novel L'Étage des Morts. The film was nominated for a Magritte Award in the category of Best Original Score for Frédéric Vercheval in 2011.  Mat is  an aging,  worn police officer. One day he is present when a criminal takes a female hostage in order to use the woman as a human shield. Mat refutes this strategy by shooting the man dead. The hostage remains unharmed but Mat knows all too well his action could have gone awry very easily. So afterwards he throws up and indulges himself to binge drinking. His constant enervation and his alcoholism have rendered him unacceptable as a law enforcer. When he is about to get sacked a former buddy contacts him. Franck has switched sides a long time ago and feels Mat would now be ready to condone this. But in spite of his misery Mat hesitates to become a drug trafficker. As fickle as he is it can work out either way.    This 2000s crime film-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. 21 January 2009 (2009-01-21) (France) 21 January 2009 (2009-01-21) (Belgium)[1] Gérard Depardieu as Mat Olivier Marchal as Franck Novak Asia Argento as Calhoune Anne Coesens as Léon Aïssa Maïga as Farida Catherine Marchal as Z'yeux d'or (Golden Eyes) Aurélien Recoing as Ladje Erick Deshors as Spoke Marc Zinga as Ali Baba Mike"
Anablepidae;"   See text  Anablepidae is a family of fishes which live in brackish and freshwater habitats from southern Mexico to southern South America.[2] There are three genera with sixteen species: the four-eyed fishes (genus Anableps), the onesided livebearers (genus Jenynsia) and the white-eye, Oxyzygonectes dovii. Fish of this family eat mostly insects and other invertebrates.  Fish in the subfamily Oxyzygonectinae are ovoviviparous. The Anablepinae are livebearers. They mate on one side only, right-"handed" males with left-"handed" females and vice versa.[3] The male has specialized anal rays which are greatly elongated and fused into a tube called a gonopodium associated with the sperm duct which he uses as an intromittent organ to deliver sperm to the female.  The family is divided into two subfamilies and three genera:[4][5][1]    This Cyprinodontiformes article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Anablepinae Bonaparte, 1831 Anableps Scopoli, 1777 Jenynsia Günther, 1866 Anableps Scopoli, 1777 Jenynsia Günther, 1866 Oxyzygonectinae Parenti, 1981 Oxyzygonectes Fowler, 1916 Oxyzygonectes Fowler, 1916 Froese, Rainer, and Daniel Pauly, eds. (2012). "Anablepidae" in FishBase. August 2012 version."
List of Acts of the National Assembly for Wales from 2019;"   2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  2017  2016  2015  2014  2013  2012  2011  2010  2009  2008  2007  2006  2005  2004  2003  2002  2001  2000  1999  1998  1997  1996  1995  1994  1993  1992  1991  1990  1989  1988  1987  1986  1985  1984  1983  1982  1981  1980  1979  1978  1977  1976  1975  1974  1973  1972  1971  1970  1969  1968  1967  1966  1965  1964  1963  1962  1961  1960  1959–1940  1939–1920  1919–1900  1899–1880  1879–1860  1859–1840  1839–1820  1819–1801   58 (1·2·3)  57 (1·2)  56 (1·2)  55 (1·2·3·4)  54 (1·2·3·4·5)  53 (1·2·3·4)  52 (1·2·3·4)  51 (1·2·3·4·5)  50 (1·2·3·4·5)  49 (1·2·3·4)  48 (1·2·3·4)  47 (1·2·3·4·5)  46  45 (1·2·3·4)  44 (1·2·3·4)  43 (1·2)  42 (1·2·3·4·5)   2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  2017  2016  2015  2014  2013  2012  2011  2010  2009  2008  2007  2006  2005  2004  2003  2002  2001  2000  1999   2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  2017  2016  2015  2014  2013  2012  2011  2010  2009  2008   2022  2021  2020   2019  2018  2017   2016  2015  2014  2013  2012  2011  2010  2009  2008  2007   2006  2005  2004  2003   2002  2001  2000   This is a list of Acts of the National Assembly for Wales  passed in 2019. Acts of the National Assembly for Wales are Acts of Senedd Cymru enacted by Senedd Cymru (the Welsh Parliament, or simply the Senedd) under its former name of the National Assembly for Wales.[1] It has legislative authority over devolved matters in relation to Wales under the authority of the Government of Wales Act 2006.[2]  All legislation passed by the Senedd is bilingual, with the English and Welsh texts being equally authoritative.[3] Acts are cited by calendar year, in the same fashion as Acts of Parliament of the United Kingdom. Each Act passed in a respective year is numbered consecutively with Arabic numerals, following the prefix "anaw" (or, in Welsh, "dccc").[4]  4 Acts of the National Assembly for Wales were passed in 2019.   indicates that an Act is available to view at legislation.gov.uk, and  indicates the location of the original Act in the National Library of Wales.  1973–1974 1921–1972 Orders in Council for Northern Ireland 1780–1800 1760–1779 1740–1759 1720–1739 1707–1719 1700–1706 1660–1699 1642–1660 (Interregnum) 1603–1641 1485–1601 Before 1485 Up to 1707 1701–1800 Before 1701 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 United Kingdom 1894–1947 Northern Ireland 1922–1974 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 Measures Instruments Decision Directive Regulation 1972–present v t e"
Gloucester County Conspiracy;" The Gloucester County Conspiracy (September 1663), also known as the Servant’s Plot or Birkenhead’s Rebellion, is one of the first slave rebellions in America.  This event set the stage for many of the slave uprisings that followed in the decades to come.  It was the first occurrence of English, Irish, African and Indian indentured servants and slaves working together[1]. Regardless of their ethnicity, all of the servants and slaves were treated poorly, which served as a uniting force between them[1]. This rebellion occurred at a key time in history, when Virginian tobacco farmers heavily relied upon their workers for product and profit. By utilizing the power they held in this regard, the slaves and servants could maximize the effects of their actions.  This uprising created the official slave rebellion movement.  On September 1, 1663, a group of indentured servants met and began a plan of rebellion.  Planning to reconvene the following Sunday at midnight at a different location, the men collected as many weapons and arms as they could over the next few days in order to power their upcoming fight[2].  The plan was to then attack the house of Lieutenant Colonel Francis Willis to convince him to allow indentured servants to be released a year from the beginning of their service[2].  There were other potential targets around the area, but Willis was their ultimate goal, as he was a member of the governor’s council.  Should he refuse, the servants agreed to kill Willis, if it was deemed necessary[2].  The men swore themselves to secrecy, but the secrecy was not kept.  There was one slave who attended the meetings, John Birkenhead, who had a different plan[3]. This slave was owned by the first mayor of Warwick county, and officer of the House of Burgesses, John Smith[3][4]. Birkenhead exposed the plot to the governor, who then arranged for the rebellion to be disbanded.  The colony was so grateful for the prevention of the uprising that the scheduled day of rebellion, September 13, 1663, to be remembered as holy[2][4][3].   For his loyalty, his owner, John Smith, gave Birkenhead his freedom, as well as five thousand pounds of tobacco[4][3].  This was meant to serve as incentive for other slaves and servants to report any rumors of future rebellion[4][3].    As one of the early rebellions of this period, the Servant’s Plot laid the foundation for rebellions to come.[5] "
Panchalankurichi Fort;"  Panchalankurichi Fort was a fort once ruled by the polygar Veerapandiya Kattabomman.  This fort was under the rule of Veerapandiya Kattabomman and was annexed by the British and demolished by Major J. Bannerman. Later Kattabomman was betrayed by Vijaya Raghunatha Tondaiman and handed over to the British. He was hanged at Kayatharu on 16 October 1799.  The present Panchalankurichi Fort is a rebuilt fort left as a memorial of Kattabomman.[1]  Coordinates: 8°56′02″N 78°02′01″E﻿ / ﻿8.9340°N 78.0336°E﻿ / 8.9340, 78.0336 "
El Battan;" El Battan is a town and commune in the Manouba Governorate, Tunisia. As of 2004 it had a population of 5,761.[1] Attached to the governorate of Manouba, it is a municipality with 5,761 inhabitants in 2004[2]  and the capital of a delegation of 17,321 inhabitants.  El Batan is located at 36°48'13"N, 9°50'38"E, west of Tunis.  The city is in the center of a large plain where intensive irrigation is practiced. It is also known for the breeding of horses. There is a subsidiary of the National Foundation for the improvement of the horse race.  During the French protectorate, El Battan was a strategic location for the settlement of farmers. French-style houses still exist there.  A bridge of Roman origin allows travelers to cross the Medjerda.  Traditionally, washing and crushing of wool was practiced there, especially for the manufacture of the chechias.  Coordinates: 36°49′N 9°50′E﻿ / ﻿36.817°N 9.833°E﻿ / 36.817, 9.833    This Tunisia location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. List of cities in Tunisia"
WBGE;" WBGE (101.9 FM) is a Hot AC formatted radio station in the Tallahassee, Florida, market owned by Flint Media. While the biggest nearby market is in Florida, the station is actually the biggest station in all of Bainbridge, Georgia.  Coordinates: 31°00′32″N 84°25′16″W﻿ / ﻿31.009°N 84.421°W﻿ / 31.009, -84.421    This article about a radio station in Florida is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Bainbridge, Georgia  WBGE in the FCC FM station database WBGE on Radio-Locator WBGE in Nielsen Audio's FM station database v t e 730 790 840 930 1070 1240 1270 1330 1400 1450 1580 88.1 88.9 89.7 90.1 90.5 90.7 91.1 91.5 91.9 93.3 94.1 94.9 96.1 97.3 97.9 98.9 99.9 100.7 101.5 102.3 103.1 104.1 104.9 105.7 106.1 107.1 101.9 107.9 92.3 92.7 93.7 95.3 96.5 98.3 99.3 100.1 100.3 103.7 105.3 105.9 106.7 107.1-1 107.1-2 107.1-3 W222AW W224AT W229AD W237CN W243EG W252BN W257BS W261DU W262CC W279BD W287CO W290AS W294CX WAKU WANM WAYT WBZE WCVC WDXD-LP WFLA-FM WFRF WFRF-FM WFRU WFSD-LP WFSL WFSQ WFSU-FM WGEX WGLF WGMY HD2 HD3 HD2 HD3 WGRA WHBX WHTF WJXO WKVH WMGR WPAX WPRY WQTL WSTT WTAL WTLY WTNT-FM WTSM WUJC WVFS WVFT WWLD WWOF WXSR WXTY WHBT 1410 AM WSBX 1020 AM WWSD 1230 AM v t e WDMG-FM - Ambrose WDEC-FM - Americus WBBQ – Augusta WBGE - Bainbridge WCON - Cornelia WEDB - East Dublin WEGC – Sasser WGGA - Gainesville WGMG – Crawford WGSY - Columbus WGUS-FM - Augusta WJFL – Tennille WLTC – Cusseta WMVG - Milledgeville WPEZ – Jeffersonville WPMX – Millen WQLI – Meigs WQPW - Valdosta WQTU - Rome WRBN – Clayton WSB-FM – Atlanta WXMK - Dock Junction WYYU - Dalton WTGA – Thomaston v t e"
2024 United States presidential election in Maine;"   Joe Biden Democratic    The 2024 United States presidential election in Maine is scheduled to take place on Tuesday, November 5, 2024, as part of the 2024 United States elections in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia will participate. Maine voters will choose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote. The state of Maine has four electoral votes in the Electoral College, following reapportionment due to the 2020 United States census in which the state neither gained nor lost a seat.[1] Unlike all other states except Nebraska, Maine awards two electoral votes based on the statewide vote, and one vote for each congressional district.  Incumbent Democratic president Joe Biden has stated that he intends to run for reelection to a second term.[2]  1820 1824 1828 1832 1836 1840 1844 1848 1852 1856 1860 1864 1868 1872 1876 1880 1884 1888 1892 1896 1900 1904 1908 1912 1916 1920 1924 1928 1932 1936 1940 1944 1948 1952 1956 1960 1964 1968 1972 1976 1980 1984 1988 1992 1996 2000 2004 Dem Dem 2008 Dem Rep Dem Rep 2012 Rep Rep 2016 Dem Rep Dem Rep 2020 Dem Rep Dem Rep 1820 1821 1823 1823 1827 1829 sp 1835 1835 sp 1837 sp 1839 1840 1843 sp 1846 1848 sp 1851 1854 sp 1857 1857 sp 1859 1861 sp 1863 1865 sp 1869 1870 sp 1875 1877 1877 sp 1880 1881 1881 sp 1883 1887 1889 1893 1895 1899 1901 1905 1907 1911 1912 sp 1913 1916 1916 sp 1918 1922 1924 1926 sp 1928 1930 1934 1936 1940 1942 1946 1948 1952 1954 1958 1960 1964 1966 1970 1972 1976 1978 1982 1984 1988 1990 1994 1996 2000 2002 2006 2008 2012 2014 2018 2020 1820–1821 1822 sp 2nd 1823 1824–1825 1826–1827 1826 sp 5th 1827 sp 1st 1828–1830 1830 1833 1834 1836 1838 1840 1843 1844 1846 1848 1850 1852 1854 1856 1858 1860 1860 sp 5th 1862 1864 1866 1868 1870 1872 1874 1876 1878 1880 1881 sp 2nd 1882 1884 1886 1888 1890 1892 1894 1896 1897 sp 3rd 1898 1899 sp 1st 1899 sp 2nd 1900 1901 sp 4th 1902 1904 1906 1908 1908 sp 2nd 1908 sp 4th 1910 1912 1913 sp 3rd 1914 1916 1918 1920 1922 1924 1926 1928 1930 1932 1934 1936 1938 1940 1940 sp 2nd 1942 1944 1946 1948 1950 1951 sp 3rd 1952 1954 1956 1958 1960 1962 1964 1966 1968 1970 1972 1974 1976 1978 1980 1982 1984 1986 1988 1990 1992 1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 2014 2016 2018 2020 2022 1820 1821 1822 1823 1824 1825 1826 1827 1828 1829 1830 1831 1832 1833 1834 1835 1836 1837 1838 ... 1848 ... 1876 1877 1878 1879 1880 1882 1884 1886 1888 1890 1892 1894 1896 1898 1900 1902 1904 1906 1908 1910 1912 1914 1916 1918 1920 1922 1924 1926 1928 1930 1932 1934 1936 1938 1940 1942 1944 1946 1948 1950 1952 1954 1956 1958 1960 1962 1966 1970 1974 1978 1982 1986 1990 1994 1998 2002 2006 2010 2014 2018 2022 2016 2018 2020 2022 2016 2018 2020 2022 2011 2015 2019 2023 v t e United States presidential elections in Maine 2024 United States presidential election 2024 Democratic Party presidential primaries 2024 Republican Party presidential primaries 2024 United States elections"
1973 Monte Carlo Open;" The 1973 Monte Carlo Open, also known by its sponsored name Craven Monte Carlo Championships, was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Monte Carlo Country Club in Roquebrune-Cap-Martin, France. The tournament was part of the Rothmans Spring Mediterranean Circuit, a series of six tournaments held in France, Monaco, Spain and Italy from March to May 1973. It was the 67th edition of the event and was held from 16 April through 21 April 1973. Ilie Năstase won the singles title.[3]   Ilie Năstase defeated  Björn Borg 6–4, 6–1, 6–2   Juan Gisbert /  Ilie Năstase defeated  Georges Goven /  Patrick Proisy 6–2, 6–2, 6–2  This tennis-related competition article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This article about sports in Monaco is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Société préhistorique française;" The Société préhistorique française is a society founded in 1904, recognized as being of public utility in 1910. It obtained the Grand Prix de l'Archéologie in 1982. Its main activities are the organization of scientific meetings and the publication of monographs, of proceedings of conferences and of the journal Bulletin de la Société préhistorique française.[1]  The French Prehistoric Society was notably chaired by Léon Henri-Martin, Léon Coutil, Armand Viré, Jean Pagès-Allary, Félix Régnault, André Vayson de Pradenne, Paul Rivet, Saint-Just Péquart,[2] Henri Breuil, André Leroi-Gourhan, Louis-René Nougier, Camille Arambourg, René Joffroy, Pierre-Roland Giot, Jacques Briard, Denise de Sonneville-Bordes, Yves Coppens, Jean Roche, Jean Clottes et Jacques Jaubert.[3][4]  Gérard Bailloud, Christiane Éluère, Jean Clottes, Yves Coppens, Henri de Lumley, Jean Guilaine, Jean-Pierre Mohen, Claude Constantin and Jean Leclerc are honorary presidents.  This article about an organization in France is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. View a machine-translated version of the French article. Machine translation, like DeepL or Google Translate, is a useful starting point for translations, but translators must revise errors as necessary and confirm that the translation is accurate, rather than simply copy-pasting machine-translated text into the English Wikipedia. Consider adding a topic to this template: there are already 5,244 articles in the main category, and specifying|topic= will aid in categorization. Do not translate text that appears unreliable or low-quality. If possible, verify the text with references provided in the foreign-language article. You must provide copyright attribution in the edit summary accompanying your translation by providing an interlanguage link to the source of your translation. A model attribution edit summary is Content in this edit is translated from the existing French Wikipedia article at [[:fr:Société préhistorique française]], see its history for attribution. You should also add the template {{Translated|fr|Société préhistorique française}} to the talk page. For more guidance, see Wikipedia:Translation."
Vincent R. Capodanno;" Vincent Robert Capodanno Jr., M.M. (February 13, 1929 – September 4, 1967) was a Catholic priest and Maryknoll Missioner killed in action while serving as a Navy chaplain with a Marine Corps infantry unit during the Vietnam War. He was a posthumous recipient of America's highest military decoration, the Medal of Honor, for heroic actions above and beyond the call of duty. The Catholic Church has declared him a Servant of God, the first of the four stages toward possible sainthood.  Vincent R. Capodanno Jr. was born on Staten Island, New York, on February 13, 1929, the tenth and youngest child of an immigrant father from Gaeta, Italy, and an Italian-American mother. Capodanno graduated from Curtis High School on February 4, 1947, then took night classes at Fordham University for a year while working as an insurance clerk. In 1949, he entered the Maryknoll Missionary Seminary in Ossining, New York, which included extensive studies in Illinois and Massachusetts. He was ordained a Roman Catholic priest by Cardinal Francis Spellman on June 14, 1958.[1][2]  Capodanno's first assignment as a missionary was in 1959 with the Hakka people in the mountains of Taiwan, where he served in a parish and later in a school. After six years, he returned to the United States for leave and then was assigned to a Maryknoll school in Hong Kong. Shortly after, he volunteered to serve as a military chaplain in South Vietnam as the American presence escalated.[1][2]  On December 28, 1965, Capodanno received his commission as a lieutenant in the Navy Chaplain Corps. He then requested to serve with the Fleet Marine Force (FMF) in South Vietnam. After some training to serve within the Marine Corps, he was assigned in April 1966 to the 1st Battalion, 7th Marines, 1st Marine Division in South Vietnam. In December, he was transferred to the 1st Medical Battalion, 1st Marine Division, until his year's tour was completed. In June 1967 after a one-month leave, he returned to Vietnam for a voluntary six-month extension, and in July was assigned to the 1st Battalion, 5th Marines. In August, he was assigned to H&S Company, 3rd Battalion, 5th Marines, 1st Marine Division, where he befriended Lieutenant Frederick W. Smith, the future founder of Federal Express. Even before Capodanno's death, he was widely known for his willingness to share the hardships of suffering Marines on the front lines – "Radiating Christ" to those around him, in the terminology of Father Raoul Plus, a World War One chaplain studied by Maryknollers – or simply the "Grunt Padre", in the words of Capodanno's Marine companions.[1][2][3][4]  On Labor Day, September 4, 1967, at 04:30, during Operation Swift in the Thang Binh District of the Que Son Valley, Company D of the 1st Battalion, 5th Marines was attacked in its night defensive position by a large People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN) unit of approximately 2,500 near the village of Dong Son. The outnumbered and disorganized company needed support, and Company B was sent to assist. By 09:14, 26 Marines were confirmed dead. At 09:25, the commander of 1st Battalion requested additional reinforcements, and Companies K and M from the 3rd Battalion were committed to the battle, still leaving the Marines greatly outnumbered by the PAVN.[5]  When Capodanno heard that two platoons of M Company from his battalion were taking casualties and about to be overrun by the PAVN, the unarmed chaplain went among the wounded and dying Marines of 2nd Platoon, helping and comforting them and giving last rites. That afternoon, he was wounded in the hand, arms and legs. Refusing medical evacuation, in the early evening he went to help a seriously wounded Navy corpsman and two wounded Marines only yards (meters) from an enemy machine gun and was killed,[1] 14 Marines and two corpsmen from the battalion were also killed.[6] His body was recovered and buried in his family's plot in St. Peter's Cemetery (Staten Island).[7][8]  On December 27, 1968, Secretary of the Navy Paul Ignatius notified the Capodanno family that Lieutenant Capodanno would posthumously be awarded the Medal of Honor. The ceremony was held January 7, 1969.[9]  On May 19, 2002, Capodanno's Cause for Canonization was opened. In May 2004, the initial documentation was submitted to the Congregation for the Causes of Saints, with CatholicMil (later renamed Mission Capodanno) acting as Petitioner and with Capodanno's biographer Daniel Mode named Postulator. On Memorial Day weekend, May 21, 2006, Capodanno's designation as a Servant of God was announced in Washington D.C., by Archbishop Edwin F. O'Brien of the Archdiocese for the Military Services, USA. On October 1, 2013, O'Brien's successor Archbishop Timothy P. Broglio presided over the formal renewal of the opening of the Cause for Beatification. Broglio announced at this time that the newly established Capodanno Guild would serve as the Petitioner of the Cause, and Andrea Ambrosi as Roman Postulator.[10][11] Following a year-long investigation, Bishop Gerald Barbarito in 2019 officially credited Capodanno with the miraculous healing of a Florida woman with multiple sclerosis.[12]  In 2017, for the 50th anniversary of Capodanno's death, EWTN collaborated with the Capodanno Guild to produce Called and Chosen, a documentary film publicizing his life and the ongoing canonization effort. The film won the Catholic Press Association's 2018 Gabriel Award for Best Religious TV, National Release.[13] Focusing on his missionary vocation, another documentary premiered in 2019, The Field Afar: The Life of Father Vincent Capodanno.[14] Much of the Guild's documentation was presented in the 2018 biography, "Armed with Faith: The Life of Father Vincent R. Capodanno, MM".[15]  In 2022, a Vatican advisory panel recommended suspending the sainthood cause, evidently concerned that Capodanno's heroism reflected the battlefield more than religion, and that his cause was being led by the American military more than the Maryknoll religious order. The Capodanno Guild and the current postulator Nicola Gori began working to overcome the objections.[16][17]  Father Capodanno's awards and decorations include:[1][6]  Awarded January 7, 1969, Father Capodanno's Medal of Honor citation is as follows:  The President of the United States in the name of The Congress takes pride in presenting the MEDAL OF HONOR posthumously to  for service as set forth in the following  CITATION:  For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty as Chaplain of the 3d Battalion, 5th Marines, 1st Marine Division (Reinforced), FMF, in connection with operations against enemy forces in Quang Tin Province, Republic of Vietnam, on 4 September 1967. In response to reports that the 2d Platoon of M Company was in danger of being overrun by a massed enemy assaulting force, Lieutenant Capodanno left the relative safety of the Company Command Post and ran through an open area raked with fire, directly to the beleaguered platoon. Disregarding the intense enemy small-arms, automatic-weapons, and mortar fire, he moved about the battlefield administering last rites to the dying and giving medical aid to the wounded. When an exploding mortar round inflicted painful multiple wounds to his arms and legs, and severed a portion of his right hand, he steadfastly refused all medical aid. Instead, he directed the corpsmen to help their wounded comrades and, with calm vigor, continued to move about the battlefield as he provided encouragement by voice and example to the valiant Marines. Upon encountering a wounded corpsman in the direct line of fire of an enemy machine gunner positioned approximately fifteen yards away, Lieutenant Capodanno rushed forward in a daring attempt to aid and assist the mortally wounded corpsman. At that instant, only inches from his goal, he was struck down by a burst of machine gun fire. By his heroic conduct on the battlefield, and his inspiring example, Lieutenant Capodanno upheld the finest traditions of the United States Naval Service. He gallantly gave his life in the cause of freedom.[18] USS Capodanno (FF-1093) was named in his honor. Capodanno was commissioned November 17, 1973, and became the first ship in the US fleet to receive a Papal Blessing when it was blessed by Pope John Paul II on September 4, 1981, the 14th anniversary of the chaplain's death. On July 30, 1993, the ship was decommissioned after 20 years of service and transferred to Turkey.[2]  In March 1971, the Knights of Columbus, Madonna Council in Staten Island began a public campaign for a permanent memorial honoring Capodanno in his home borough. In October 1974, a bill was proposed to change the name of Seaside Boulevard to Father Capodanno Boulevard, a year later, the bill was passed by the Mayor of New York. For the United States Bicentennial weekend, the city of New York declared July 3, 1976, "Father Capodanno Day", and a memorial Mass was followed by a parade that included the United States Marine Corps Color Guard, marching bands, Boy and Girl Scouts, and many other groups.[19][20]  Near the midpoint of Staten Island's Father Capodanno Boulevard, at the corner of Sand Lane, a monument in the chaplain's honor is made of light gray Barre granite, stands 8' high and 4' wide (2.4m x 1.2m) and has a bronze plaque. Near the north end of the boulevard, alongside Fort Wadsworth's Father Capodanno Memorial Chapel, stands a 1977 statue of the chaplain praying for a fallen corpsman during their final battle.[21] The nearby South Beach neighborhood is the location of Father Vincent Capodanno Catholic Academy, formed by the merger of two parish elementary schools in 2020.[22]  Saint Vincent Chapel, in Father Capodanno's Taiwanese mission territory, was his family's first choice as a memorial. Within four months after his death in 1967, almost $4,000 (equivalent to $30,000 in 2021) had been raised by organizations such as The American Legion, The Veterans of Foreign Wars, the Knights of Columbus, and the Marine Corps League. After various delays, the chapel was completed in 1993–1995. It was built in the small mountain town of Thiankou with the help of Father Daniel Dolan, another Maryknoller and Capodanno's former pastor in Taiwan.[19][21]  The San Francisco Bay Naval Shipyard (Hunters Point, 1941–1994) dedicated Capodanno Hall on November 3, 1969. The hall served as a Bachelor Officers' Quarters. Philip Capodanno unveiled the plaque that describes his brother's heroic deed:[19][21]  Lieutenant Capodanno made the ultimate sacrifice ministering to the wounded and dying during savage fighting in Vietnam. He has become the third chaplain in our country's history to receive the Medal of Honor and the second Navy chaplain to be so honored. Further memorials to Father Capodanno were noted in his published biography:[21]  Additional locations have been:  Navy Chaplain Corps 3rd Battalion, 5th Marines, 1st Marine Division Operation Swift  † Medal of Honor Bronze Star Medal w/ Combat "V" Purple Heart Medal Combat Action Ribbon Republic of Vietnam Gallantry Cross w/ silver star Capodanno Chapel, Que Son Valley, Vietnam Capodanno Memorial Chapel, Naval Station Newport, Rhode Island Capodanno Drive, Naval Station Newport, Rhode Island Capodanno Chapel, Naval Hospital, Oakland, California Capodanno Chapel, Camp Pendleton, California Vincent Robert Capodanno Naval Clinic, Gaeta, Italy Piazza Vincent Capodanno, Gaeta, Italy Capodanno Building, Navy Personnel Command, Millington, Tennessee Capodanno Chapel, Marine Corps Air Station, Iwakuni, Japan Catholic Chaplains Memorial, Arlington National Cemetery, Arlington, Virginia Capodanno Chapel, The Basic School, Marine Corps Base Quantico, Virginia[23] Capodanno Memorial Chapel, Al-Taqaddum (TQ) Air Base, Iraq[citation needed] Vincent R. Capodanno Memorial, National Shrine of Our Lady of Good Help, Champion, Wisconsin[24] Father Vincent Capodanno High School, Southern Pines, North Carolina[25] Capodanno Chapel, USS Mount Whitney (LCC-20)[26] Biography portal Vietnam portal List of American saints and beatified people List of Medal of Honor recipients for the Vietnam War List of Servants of God Roman Catholic Archdiocese for the Military Services, USA Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York United States Navy Memorial#Other Navy memorials"
Tião Viana;" Sebastião Afonso Viana Macedo Neves, better known as Tião Viana (Rio Branco, February 9, 1961), is a doctor and Brazilian politician. He was formerly Governor of Acre and is a member of the Workers' Party. He served as interim President of the Senate in 2007.[1]  This article about a Brazilian politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Oe (Mongolic);" Oe is a letter of related and vertically oriented alphabets used to write Mongolic and Tungusic languages.[1]: 549–551     Mongolian script multigraphs v t e Transcribes Chakhar /o/,[8][9] Khalkha /o/[ɵ], /ə/, and /∅/.[10]: 40–42  Transliterated into Cyrillic with the letter ө.[11][4] Indistinguishable from ü, except when inferred by its placement: it is only found in medial or final syllables if the initial syllable also carries it.[2]: 11,20 [7]: 9–10  ‍ᠥ᠋ = an alternative final form, also used in loanwords.[12]: 39  The syllable-initial medial form ‍ᠥ᠋‍ is also used in non-initial syllables in proper name compounds,[12]: 44  as well as in loanwords.[citation needed] ‍ᠥ᠌‍ = medial form used after the junction in a proper name compound.[12]: 44  Derived from Old Uyghur waw (𐽳), followed by a yodh (𐽶) in word-initial syllables, and preceded by an aleph (𐽰) for isolate and initial forms.[3]: 539–540, 545–546 [13]: 111, 113 [12]: 35  Produced with O using the Windows Mongolian keyboard layout.[14] In the Mongolian Unicode block, ö comes after u and before ü."
Berane Municipality;" Berane Municipality (Montenegrin and Serbian: Opština Berane / Општина Беране) is one of the municipalities in the northern Montenegro. The center is Berane. Until 2013, it covered an area of 544 km2, and it had a population of 33,970 at the 2011 Census. In 2013, however, Petnjica Municipality was formed out of the eastern part of Berane Municipality.[1]  The population lowered to 28,515.  Berane is located in northeastern part of Montenegro, in the Lim river valley region between the peaks of Bjelasica in the west, Cmiljevica in the east, Tivran gorge in the north, being part of Sandžak region. Berane has a very favorable traffic-geographical position because it is connected with the main road to Serbia, and via Rozaje and Chakor to Kosovo. The Lim valley is also connected by the main road to the southern part of Serbia and the southeastern part of Bosnia and Herzegovina.  The municipal parliament consists of 35 deputies elected directly for a four-year term.  Town of Berane with population of 11,073 is administrative centre of Berane Municipality, which in 2011 had a population of 33,970.[2] According to the 2011 census, the ethnic composition of the municipality was,  Town of Berane  Đurđevi Stupovi  Beach at the Lim river  Pesic lake, Bjelasica    This Montenegro location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.    Town of Berane       Đurđevi Stupovi       Beach at the Lim river       Pesic lake, Bjelasica    Petnjica Municipality, part of Berane Municipality until 2013."
Bothromegalopus;"   Bothromegalopus is a genus of beetles in the family Megalopodidae, containing the following species:[1][2]    This Megalopodidae-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Bothromegalopus gibbosus (Pic, 1916) Bothromegalopus pilipes (Lacordaire, 1845)"
Unlock Democracy;"   Unlock Democracy is a British pressure group, based in London.[1] The organisation campaigns for a more participatory democracy in Britain, founded upon a written constitution.[2] Unlock Democracy works to promote democratic reform across the political spectrum and is not aligned with any political party.[3][4] The organisation's activities include producing a range of publications, lobbying politicians and political parties and working on projects to promote greater public involvement in politics, at both local and national levels.[5]  Unlock Democracy is led by a governing council, elected by all members biannually. The council in turn elects its own chair and a management board which oversees the day to day running of the organisation. It is funded from three main sources: grant income for specific projects from various foundations and trusts, subscriptions and donations from its members and supporters, and income from its subsidiary company Rodell Properties Ltd.[6]  The founding director was Peter Facey, who was director of Unlock Democracy's predecessor organisation the New Politics Network in 2001 and later becoming director of Charter 88.[7] He was responsible for the merger of the two organisations in 2007.[8][9] Being succeeded as director in 2013 by long-time Deputy Director Alexandra Runswick, who led the organisation until early 2020.  In October 2020, Former Liberal Democrat MP Tom Brake was appointed as the new director of Unlock Democracy.[10]  In 2003, 15 years after the formation of Charter 88, the organisation was experiencing a very turbulent period and this led to great organisational changes. A loss of intellectual contribution, the organisation's increasing financial woes and a period of resignations and redundancies created a near crisis situation in late 2003. In February 2005, Charter 88 and the New Politics Network (NPN) set up a joint working relationship to make the most of their resources in the establishment of the Elect the Lords campaign. The two organisations decided to formalise their working relationship in 2006, and Unlock Democracy was founded in 2007.[9]  Members of Charter 88 (a pressure group advocating a charter of connected constitutional changes, including a written constitution, electoral reform, freedom of information, etc.) and NPN (the organisation established after the winding up of the think tank Democratic Left, which was itself the legal successor of the Communist Party of Great Britain) voted to merge the two organisations. The movement and subsequent campaigning of the organisation could be seen as remaining truer to its Charter 88 roots than those of the NPN. The NPN strapline, however, "connecting people and politics", was retained.  The merger was completed in November 2007.[11]  Unlock Democracy arguing for a "vibrant, inclusive democracy that puts power in the hands of the people".[12]  Its primary goal is the setting in place of a democratic participative process resulting in a written constitution. It is suggested that this constitution should explicitly enshrine,  In addition to this, Unlock Democracy also campaigns,  The Unlock Democracy constitution contains the charter (a set of aims set out by predecessor organisation Charter 88) as an appendix.  Unlock Democracy attends party conferences and runs external events such as People and Politics Day. It continues to work with and support other organisations such as Local Works on the Sustainable Communities Act. Lastly, it continues its work on democratic reform, including the Elect the Lords campaign, and the campaign for a review of the UK general election electoral system.  The May 2020 elections were postponed because of Covid until May 2021. In February 2021, with Covid still causing concerns, the UK government argued that leafleting by volunteers for the May 2021 elections was not allowed, but the commercial delivery of leaflets was. This was disadvantageous to the UK's smaller political parties, which rely more heavily on volunteers. Following a campaign by Big Brother Watch, Unlock Democracy and other campaign organisations, the UK government relented and allowed campaigning to take place from 8 March 2021.  In April 2021, ahead of the May 2021 Local elections. Unlock Democracy launched its Community Democracy campaign "Turning the Tide". As a part of this campaign, Unlock Democracy commissioned a report by De Montfort University on the state of local government in England over the past 40 years. The report, "Local Government in England – Forty Years of Decline", outlines how the autonomy, financial independence and democratic legitimacy of local government have all been weakened. It concludes that local government has been "hollowed out", that "Local Democracy is at breaking point", and that "urgent action is needed to restore it".[14][15]  Unlock Democracy has been given an A grade for funding transparency by Who Funds You?[16]  The separation of powers between the Executive, the Legislature and the Judiciary. The divisions and limitations of powers between central and local government within the UK.[13] Basic liberties and human rights for all. For fair and open elections For transparency in public decision making To ensure that power is exercised as closely to people as is practicable To empower individuals and their communities to have a greater say in over the decision that affect them For democratic accountability for all elected officials, government and public bodies For universal human rights for all[12] Make Votes Matter Electoral Reform Society Power 2010 List of UK think tanks UK Parliament petitions website"
American University of Nigeria;" American University of Nigeria The American University of Nigeria (AUN) is a private university in Yola the capital of Adamawa, Nigeria. It offers an American-style liberal arts higher education at undergraduate, graduate, and professional levels. Founded in 2003,[1] AUN, Africa’s first “Development University,” is accredited by the National Universities Commission (NUC).[2]  Its current faculty numbers 93, its undergraduate and graduate enrollment is 1500 students.[1] as the first American-style university in Sub-Saharan Africa. AUN is accredited by the National Universities Commission (NUC).[2]  Founded in 2004 by a former Vice President of Nigeria and Peoples Democratic Party presidential candidate in the 2019 election, Atiku Abubakar, American University of Nigeria enrolled its first students in 2005. The university is located in Yola, the state capital of Adamawa.  The university was originally named the ABTI American University of Nigeria before it was renamed to AUN. AUN is the first American-style institution of higher learning in sub-Saharan Africa (the only other such university in Africa is the American University in Cairo in Egypt).[3] AUN is a member of the Global Liberal Arts Alliance.  The university's current president is Dr. Margee Ensign, preceded by Dr. David Huwiler, Dr. Michael Smith, Dr.  Margee Ensign, Dr. Dawn Dekle.  The institution was conceived as a university that would focus on development issues while providing an education modeled after the best US practices in content and pedagogy. The three original constituent schools were Arts & Sciences, Business & Entrepreneurship, and IT & Computing. In 2007, the name of the institution was changed to its present name of the American University of Nigeria (AUN). The pioneer class of 92 students graduated in 2009. Every class since then has graduated on schedule.   In 2008, the National Universities Commission (NUC) accredited AUN programs and re-accredited them in 2013. In 2012, AUN launched a graduate program, the Executive Master’s degree in Information Technology. Since then, more programs up to the Ph.D. level have been approved by the NUC.   In 2014, it opened the Robert A. Pastor Library and e-Learning Center.  AUN is located in Yola, the capital city of Adamawa State. The AUN campus occupies a serene savannah vegetation most of which was used as farmland.  The main campus comprises 17 buildings including nine Residence Halls, a spacious cafeteria, a 3,500-capacity Commencement Hall which also serves as indoor basketball and volleyball court, a dedicated Students Hub, an environmentally-themed administrative building, School of Arts & Sciences building, and Peter Okocha building which houses the School of Law and its library. A new, more spacious building for the School of Law with a 100-seater auditorium opens in 2022. The Robert A. Pastor Library and E-Learning Center, which won the American Library Associations’ 2013 Presidential Citation for Innovative International Library Projects, contains a library section with over 250,000 digital holdings, classrooms, study rooms, reading zones, the Writing Center, classrooms for the New Foundation program, Advising Unit and the Honor Society tutoring center. The North Campus, which used to be the temporary site, is located across the street from the main campus.  Freshmen begin community service from the first semester during Freshmen Orientation. Throughout their four years, students are encouraged to volunteer actively in any of the regular, extracurricular outings that the Office organizes almost every day of the week.  Students work with people and organizations in the community, including schools, health clinics, community associations, and the local government.  The university consists of six schools, offering the following undergraduate majors and graduate programs:[4]  AUN is a residential campus situated on 2,400 hectares.[5] It is home to approximately 1,400 undergraduate students and 87 faculty members.  The university's e-Library Project received the American Library Association's Presidential Citation for Innovative International Library Projects in 2013.[6][7]  The AUN Board of Trustees consists of one American, Tulane Professor of Public Health, Dr. William Ellis Bertrand, and 12 eminent Nigerians, with Senator Ben Obi as Chairman of the Governing Council. AUN’s BoT members come from diverse backgrounds in academia, private and public sectors. The President/Vice-Chancellor of AUN is the Chief Executive Officer. The President’s Executive Council (PEC) is the top management organ and has as its members the Provost/VP for Academic Affairs, deans of the six Schools, the Vice Presidents for Administration/Registrar, Finance, and Student Affairs/Residence Life, and heads of Security, Enrolment Management, Technology Support, Physical Planning, Marketing & Communications, and University Events. The Senate is responsible for academic discipline and curriculum oversight while the Congregation, which comprises all staff with a minimum of a first degree, meets at least once every semester to receive a report of the University’s progress from the President.  BSc Communications & Multimedia Design BSc Natural & Environmental Science BSc Petroleum Chemistry BA Economics BA Politics & International Studies BA English Language & Literature BSc Business Administration (with specialties) BSc Accounting BSc Finance BSc Marketing BSc Management & Entrepreneurship LL.B (Bachelor of Laws) BEng Chemical Engineering BEng Computer Engineering BEng Electrical/Electronics Engineering BEng Systems Engineering BEng Telecommunication Engineering BSc Software Engineering BSc Computer Science BSc Information Systems BSc Telecommunications & Wireless Technologies Post Graduate Diploma in Management (PGDM) Master of Business Administration (MBA) MSc Business Administration PhD Business Administration Masters of Information Technology Masters of Telecommunications Masters of Information Systems Security Management MSc Computer Science MSc Information Systems PhD Computer Science PhD Information Systems DJ Bally Emily Nkanga David Huwiler[8] Michael Smith[9] Margee Ensign Dawn Dekle Margee Ensign"
Swimming at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's 100 metre backstroke;"     The men's 100 metre backstroke event for the 1976 Summer Olympics was held in Montreal, Canada. The event took place on 18 and 19 July.[1]  Heat 1  Heat 2  Heat 3  Heat 4  Heat 5  Heat 6  Heat 1  Heat 2  v t e"
Civil Harassment Restraining Order;" A Civil Harassment Restraining Order (CHO) is a form of restraining order or order of protection used in the state of California. It is a legal intervention in which a person who is deemed to be harassing, threatening or stalking another person is ordered to stop, with the goal of reducing risk of further threat or harm to the person being harassed. Some restraining orders are limited to domestic partners, but the CHO is not. It is frequently used with the purpose of preventing harassment by co-workers, neighbours, strangers and acquaintances.[1]  Pursuant to California Code of Civil Procedure section 527.6(b), in order to justify a CHO, the harassment must be "such as would cause a reasonable person to suffer substantial emotional distress and must actually cause substantial emotional distress to the victim."[2]  A CHO can require the harasser to stop initiating contact with the victim, and/or to stay away from the victim's family, workplace, home, and/or school.[3]  A temporary CHO will be in effect until a court hearing can be held, normally within 15–22 days. A "final order" CHO, which may be granted following the court hearing, remains in effect for up to three years.[4]  A CHO does not go into effect until it is served to the person being restrained. Serving the CHO is the responsibility of the petitioner. Service can be carried out by the Sheriff's Department of the county where the harasser lives or works, or by any adult who is not a party named in the case.[3]  The crime of stalking is punishable in California by imprisonment in a county jail for not more than one year, or by a fine of not more than one thousand dollars ($1,000), or by both that fine and imprisonment, or by imprisonment in the state prison. The punishment for violating a CHO is 2–4 years of imprisonment.[1]  The CHO is one of six types of restraining orders used in California. The Emergency Protective Order, the Domestic Violence Temporary Restraining Order and the Criminal Protective ("No Contact") Order, are aimed at protecting against domestic violence. The Elder or Dependent Adult Protective Order is aimed at protecting victims who are over 65 years old and/or who have certain disabilities. The Workplace Violence Restraining Order is aimed at protecting employees from violence in the workplace.[1] Several hundred thousand restraining orders are in effect in California at any time, and between 80 and 95 per cent cover domestic violence involving adults.[5]  Experts disagree on whether restraining orders are effective in preventing further harassment. A 2010 analysis published in the Journal of the American Academy of Psychiatry and the Law reviewed 15 U.S. studies of restraining order effectiveness, and concluded that restraining orders "can serve a useful role in threat management."[6] However, a 2002 analysis of 32 U.S. studies found that restraining orders are violated an average of 40 per cent of the time and are perceived as being "followed by worse events" almost 21 per cent of the time, and concluded that "evidence of [restraining orders'] relative efficacy is lacking," and that they may pose some degree of risk.[7] A large America-wide telephone survey conducted in 1998 found that, of stalking victims who obtained a restraining order, more than 68 per cent reported it being violated by their stalker.[8]  Threat management experts are often suspicious of restraining orders, believing they may escalate or enrage stalkers. In his 1997 book The Gift Of Fear, well-known American security specialist Gavin de Becker characterized restraining orders as "homework assignments police give to women to prove they're really committed to getting away from their pursuers," and said they "clearly serve police and prosecutors," but "they do not always serve victims."[9]  Propositions (list) Offices Civil Civil Procedure Evidence Health and Safety Insurance Labor Penal Vehicle Supreme Court Courts of Appeal Superior courts Adoption Bicycles Criminal law Capital punishment Cannabis Drugs Taxation Gambling Administrative Procedure Act Bagley-Keene Act California Style Manual Civil Harassment Restraining Order Special motion to strike Ordinary and administrative mandate Cumis counsel Duty to protect students Informed consent Negligent infliction of emotional distress Peculiar risk doctrine Pure comparative negligence Tarasoff liability Strict product liability Tort Claims Act Prop 209 (public affirmative action ban) SB 54 (sanctuary law) Act to Save Lives Art Preservation Act Celebrities Rights Act End of Life Option Act Fair Employment and Housing Act Fair procedure Public Records Act Shield Law Free speech on privately owned property Unruh Civil Rights Act .50 Caliber BMG Regulation Act of 2004 AB 962 (handgun ammunition sales) AB 1471 (firearm microstamping) Adequate provocation Comprehensive Computer Data Access and Fraud Act Felony petty theft Felony murder Marsden motion Murgia motion (selective prosecution) Murder Romero motion Uniform Determinate Sentencing Act of 1976 AB 811 (energy efficiency zoning) Housing Accountability Act Brown Act Marks-Roos (joint powers authorities) Mello-Roos (local tax districts) Mills Act (historic structure preservation) 2008 Statewide Truck and Bus Rule California Environmental Quality Act California Water Plan Electronic Waste Recycling Act Endangered Species Act Hodge decision Sustainable Groundwater Management Act Prop 22 (rideshare drivers as contractors) AB 5 (independent contractors) Agricultural Labor Relations Act AB 1066 (equal overtime for farmworkers) California Rule (pensions) Child Actor's Bill De Havilland Law (seven year maximum on labor contracts) Paid Family Leave Talent Agencies Act Palimony Pereira accounting Van Camp accounting Prop 103 (insurance rates) Alquist Priolo Special Studies Zone Act Building Standards Code (contains the Energy Code) Balloon Law California foie gras law Consumers Legal Remedies Act Consumer Privacy Act Technical Bulletin 117 (fire extinguishers) SB 277 (removing vaccine exemptions) California Student Free Expression Law DREAM Act Leonard Law School Success and Opportunity Act Vergara v. California AB 1215 (automobile titling) AB 1535 (naloxone prescription by pharmacists) Corporate Disclosure Act Presidential Tax Transparency and Accountability Act Road Repair and Accountability Act Act for the Government and Protection of Indians Alien Land Law of 1913 Consenting Adult Sex Bill Criminal Syndicalism Act Sanitary Ordinance"
Mound Station, Illinois;" Timewell (Mound Station) is a village in Brown County, Illinois, United States. The population was 117 at the 2020 census.  According to the 2021 census gazetteer files, Mound Station has a total area of 0.52 square miles (1.35 km2), all land.[2]  Mound Station is located at the intersection of U.S. Route 24 and County Route 2.  Mound Station was established as a post office in 1860, the Village of Mound Station incorporated December 23, 1901. In 1903, the post office name changed to Timewell, to avoid confusion with the town of Mounds, Illinois.[3] The Timewell name has supplanted the original name of Mound Station in local use, but the legal village name has never changed. Thus legal references in U.S. Census Bureau products as well as lists from the Illinois Secretary of State's Office continue to show Mound Station, while the local Post Office continues as Timewell.  As of the 2020 census[5] there were 117 people, 54 households, and 46 families residing in the village. The population density was 225.43 inhabitants per square mile (87.04/km2). There were 53 housing units at an average density of 102.12 per square mile (39.43/km2). The racial makeup of the village was 94.02% White, 0.85% Asian, and 5.13% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.71% of the population.  There were 54 households, out of which 107.41% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.37% were married couples living together, 3.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 14.81% were non-families. 12.96% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.26% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 2.61.  The village's age distribution consisted of 41.1% under the age of 18, 20.6% from 18 to 24, 12.7% from 25 to 44, 19.1% from 45 to 64, and 6.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 23.8 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 144.1 males.  The median income for a household in the village was $70,625, and the median income for a family was $73,750. Males had a median income of $45,313 versus $34,063 for females. The per capita income for the village was $24,252. About 13.0% of families and 10.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.5% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over. "
Swimming at the 2013 Southeast Asian Games – Men's 400 metre individual medley;"   The men's 400 metre individual medley event at the 2013 Southeast Asian Games took place on 12 December 2013 at Wunna Theikdi Aquatics Centre.  There were 12 competitors from 7 countries who took part in this event. Two heats were held. The heat in which a swimmer competed did not formally matter for advancement, as the swimmers with the top eight times from both field qualified for the finals.  All times are Myanmar Standard Time (UTC+06:30)  [1]  Prior to this competition, the existing world, Asian, and Southeast Asian Games records were as follows.  [2]  [3]  v t e"
Minit Mart;" Minit Mart LLC is a chain of convenience stores operating in South central and Western Kentucky, Northern middle Tennessee, Eastern Wisconsin, Kansas City, Northeast Illinois, and Northeast Ohio. Its corporate offices are located in Cincinnati, OH, and the chain consists of 231 locations scattered around the United States.[4]  In 1967, Fred Higgins, and his father, Ralph, founded a convenience store, known by the name of Minit Mart. By the time Fred graduated from the law school at the University of Kentucky in the spring of 1969, he expanded the operation to a chain of six locations in the metro Lexington area.[5]  Fred Higgins served in the U.S. Army in the time between 1969 and 1972. When he returned in 1972, Minit Mart Foods became incorporated with 16 locations. After that time, Fred began acquiring single convenience stores and select sites on which to build new locations across Kentucky.  During the 1970s, Minit Mart became one of the first convenience store chains to add gas pumps to their locations. an innovation that has changed the way Americans buy gasoline for their transportation vehicles. Marathon brand gasoline has been part of Minit Mart's offered services since then. Minit Mart has been at the forefront of adding delis and game machines during the same decade. Minit Mart started offering videotaped movie rentals when the VHS format gained popularity in the very late 1970s and early 1980s after it beat out the Betamax videocassette format. DVD movie rentals began to be utilized by Minit Mart around the dawn of the then-new millennium around the year 2000.  Ralph Higgins, the co-founder, played an active role in the management of Minit Mart Foods Inc until his 1987 death.  Minit Mart began to expand in Tennessee in 1988 after acquiring 19 Bread Box convenience stores. After that point, Minit Mart had 87 stores in Kentucky and Tennessee. Many locations included Godfather's Pizza, O'Deli's, Baskin-Robbins Ice Cream, and Taco Bell Express, thereby grossing $250 million each year, and employing exactly 1,200 people.  In 1998, Fred lost his 25-year-long-time wife to a battle of cancer she was fighting since the diagnosis in 1978. After the loss of his wife, he and the management team thought that it was time that the convenience store chain is in for a change. In 2001, Minit Mart Foods leased its operations to Clark Retail, retaining ownership of the assets. In addition to Clark's original 600 stores, that company also acquired several other chains in the Midwestern United States, mainly in Indiana and Illinois, growing to approximately 1,200 stores. Competition, however, was intense during that time, and Clark eventually ended up in bankruptcy. After filing for bankruptcy, Clark returned 37 stores to Minit Mart Foods Inc.  Fred's Minit Mart LLC had taken over the operation in August 2003. A management team was formed, and 34 locations remained in operation.  In the present day, Minit Mart operates 34 locations. Most of them are in Kentucky, but there are two locations operating in Clarksville, Montgomery County, Tennessee, and one in the Cookeville, Tennessee area. All locations are combinations of convenience and grocery shopping, and for many years, feature Marathon Gasoline.[4] Godfather's Pizza and O'Deli's sub shops continued to be offered in most locations.[6][7] In addition to those two, most Minit Mart locations also offer World Blends fresh coffee (formerly CuppaJoe), and Minit Mix.  In 2007, Minit Mart really had the business boost of the store's life when customers took advantage of Godfather's Pizza Large 1-topping pizza that went for $5.00 that summer [8](later $5.99 in late 2007, and then $7.99 between Spring 2008 and Summer 2010). Regular prices returned in 2009.  In 2008, Minit Mart introduced Minit Mix, a fountain drink that allows customers to create a soft drink mixed with certain flavors, including vanilla, cherry, and several others. It's a similar service to Coca-Cola's Freestyle machines that were introduced in certain fast food chains several years later.[9][10]  Beginning in 2012, all Minit Mart locations added ATM kiosks without service charges.  During the early 2010s, Minit Mart renovated their location in Glasgow.  Also in the early 2010s, a new building was built to house the Minit Mart location in Brownsville just a couple hundred feet from the original location. The old building was destroyed a few weeks after the completion and official opening of the new present building due to old age. The destruction of the old building made way for a larger parking lot, a few more entrances, and more fuel pumps.  In 2015, Fred Higgins sold the Minit Mart convenience store chain to TravelCenters of America for $67 million.[11][12] In January 2015, Minit Mart purchased additional stores and rebranded them, including a few in the Jackson Purchase region of western Kentucky, including one in Paducah, and one in Centerville, Indiana.[1]  In late March 2016 TCA closed on the purchase of Quality State Oil's "QMart Marketplace" 17-store chain of convenience stores based in Sheboygan, Wisconsin, which were immediately converted into Minit Mart locations. The acquisition was done mainly to acquire the technology and patents for QSO's convenience store industry award-winning RFID keychain card-based loyalty program.[13]  According to Minit Mart's Facebook post on June 17, 2015, two Godfather's Pizza locations within the Minit Mart chain has been listed as the first and second place in terms of pizza sales. The location in Brownsville (Edmonson County) had the highest sales of any non-traditional location in the entire Godfather's Pizza chain nationwide, with one of Minit Mart's Bowling Green locations taking second place.  Minit Mart's main competitors include Jr. Food Stores and Crossroads IGA locations. Both of those chains are owned by Houchens Industries, which also owns their flagship supermarket chain, Houchens Markets, and several IGA Foodliner stores in south central Kentucky. Minit Mart's other competitors include several locally owned convenience stores around southern Kentucky, some of which offer pizza and/or fried chicken, as well as some Speedway locations. Phillips 66-branded stores under the name "Traveler's Food Plaza" in areas around Glasgow, Edmonton, and Tompkinsville, Kentucky also competed with Minit Mart for quite some time. Gas stations offering rival branded gasoline also often competed with Minit Mart for consumer allegiances. In the eastern Wisconsin market, Minit Mart's main competitor is Kwik Trip.  In March 2014, Minit Mart raised almost $43,000 USD from employees and their customers to the MDA, the Muscular Dystrophy Association, during their annual shamrock fundraising campaign they conduct each year. Paper shamrocks were handed to all employees and customers that give a donation, and write their name on them, and display them on the window of the stores. This takes place around St. Patrick's Day, and this fundraiser helps MDA assist people with the disease.[19][20]  1967: Fred and Ralph Higgins, a father-and-son duo founded a convenience store in Lexington, Kentucky under the name of "Minit Mart". 1969: Minit Mart expands to six locations around the Lexington area. 1970s: Minit Mart began offering Marathon gasoline. Late 1970s: Delis and game machines were added. Sometime between 1978 and 1983: Videotape rentals were first offered. Mid 1980s?: Godfather's Pizza became part of Minit Mart's offered services. 1988: Minit Mart expands to Tennessee after acquiring Bread Box stores in certain parts of that state. 1999-2000: DVD rentals were offered in tandem with VHS movie rentals. 2001: Clark Retail leased Minit Mart's operations. Unknown date: Minit Mart launches their website. 2003: Clark Retail went bankrupt, and 37 Minit Mart stores were returned to Fred's Minit Mart LLC. January 2008: Earnhardt + Friends had been chosen for the advertising firm of Minit Mart. Both companies experienced growth as a result. It spawned plans to rebuild locations in Harrodsburg and Nicholasville, Kentucky to be rebuilt to add the two food service additions to those [14] locations. 2008: Minit Mart introduces Minit Mix. 2008: Minit Mart was named Convenience Store of The year by the Kentucky Association of Convenience stores.[15] 2011: Fred Higgins, the founder, was inducted in the Kentucky Grocers Association's Hall of Fame.[16] 2013: The convenience store chain was sold to Travel Centers of America, Inc. 2015: Bought 19 stores from bankrupt GasMart USA based in Overland Park, Kansas. These 19 stores are C-Stores in Kansas and Missouri.[17] 2016: Minit Mart enters Kansas City market with re-branding of 59 convenience stores, including convenience stores in Shawnee and De Soto.[18] 2016: The Minit Mart brand came to several Shell stations in the Lexington area, mainly those with World Blends Coffee. Godfather's Pizza"
1995–96 Lithuanian Hockey League season;" The 1995–96 Lithuanian Hockey League season was the fifth season of the Lithuanian Hockey League, the top level of ice hockey in Lithuania. Five teams participated in the league, and SC Energija won the championship. SC Energija received a bye until the finals, as they played in the Eastern European Hockey League.  Poseidonas Elektrenai - Nemunas Rokiskis 5:4/5:1 SC Energija - Germantas Telsiai 6:2/8:1 Season on hockeyarchives.info v t e 1991–92 1992–93 1993–94 1994–95 1995–96 1996–97 1997–98 1998–99 1999–2000 2000–01 2001–02 2002–03 2003–04 2004–05 2005–06 2006–07 2007–08 2008–09 2009–10 2010–11 2011–12 2012–13 2013–14 2014–15 2015–16 2016–17 2017–18 2018–19 2019–20 2020–21 2021–22"
Samos (satellite);" The SAMOS (Satellite and Missile Observation System) [1] or SAMOS-E program was a relatively short-lived series of reconnaissance satellites for the United States in the early 1960s, also used as a cover for the initial development of the KH-7 GAMBIT system.[2] Reconnaissance was performed with film cameras and television surveillance from polar low Earth orbits with film canister returns and transmittals over the United States. SAMOS was first launched in 1960 from Vandenberg Air Force Base.  SAMOS was also known by the unclassified terms Program 101 and Program 201.[3]  SAMOS started as part of the WS-117L satellite reconnaissance and protection program of the United States Air Force in 1956. In May 1958, the Department of Defense directed the transfer of the WS-117L program to ARPA. Significant parts of the SAMOS development program were SAMOS-E (optical reconnaissance), SAMOS-F (ELINT Ferret reconnaissance).[4]  In FY1958, WS-117L was funded by the Air Force at a level of US$ 108.2 million (inflation adjusted US$ 1.02 billion in 2022). For SAMOS, USAF, and ARPA spent a combined sum of US$82.9 million in FY1959 (inflation adjusted US$ 0.77 billion in 2022) and US$163.9 million in FY1960 (inflation adjusted US$ 1.5 billion in 2022).[5]  During this period, the rival CORONA program, which saw its first launch in February 1959, began operation. SAMOS emerged as a more advanced satellite with additional capabilities that due to its larger mass would be launched on the Atlas-Agena booster instead of the Thor-Agena. While CORONA took photographs and returned them to Earth in a film capsule, SAMOS would instead electronically scan its film and beam images down by radio link.  While CORONA began flying in 1959, the reliability of the program for its first three years was abysmal and a backup reconnaissance program was needed. Moreover, the fear of the "missile gap" with the Soviet Union was very great, with space successes and boasts by Soviet politicians seeming to hint that the USSR not only had a large arsenal of nuclear missiles on hand, but were quite willing to use them. The US ballistic missile arsenal in 1960 consisted of a handful of Atlas ICBMs that were exposed to Soviet attack, took a long time to prepare for launch, and whose test flight record did not inspire much confidence. The Thor and Jupiter IRBMs stationed in the UK, Italy, and Turkey were not much of an improvement, also their bases could be attacked by Soviet bombers. Intelligence on Soviet missile activities was considered vital, but the only viable option, U-2 reconnaissance flights, had been halted by the Gary Powers shootdown in May 1960. Unbeknownst to the Pentagon, Soviet missiles were deployed in far smaller numbers than generally believed and their reliability was no better than any US missile. The initial SAMOS satellites were known as Program 101 and were merely a test model designed to verify the operability of the photo-optical camera system.  "Samos" was the name of a Greek island and the name was picked with the belief that nobody would associate it with reconnaissance. However, a mistaken rumor later emerged that the name was an acronym for "Satellite And Missile Observation System". President Eisenhower was adamant about cultivating the image that the US space program was only for peaceful purposes. The Air Force for a while managed to create the fiction that Discoverer was a series of scientific satellites, but SAMOS's real purpose was known from the beginning, and efforts to not link it to Discoverer were made. Although the existence and mission purpose of SAMOS was publicly acknowledged until the fall of 1961, the Air Force did not release detailed information about the satellites or exactly what they were doing during their missions.  SAMOS 1 launch took place from PALC 1-1 (Point Arguello Launch Complex - later absorbed into the main launch center at Vandenberg Air Force Base) at 20:34 GMT on 11 October 1960, using Atlas vehicle 57D and Agena 2101. The Atlas lifted smoothly and steered downrange, as the weather was clear and cloudless, visibility was excellent and the launch vehicle could be seen until after booster section separation. Initial jubilation at the successful launch turned to dismay when the real-time telemetry readouts showed that the nitrogen pressure gas for the Agena-A's attitude control jets was gone. Without this, the stage could not be stabilized for ignition so that after separation from the Atlas, the Agena-A was left with no attitude control. Telemetry indicated an erratic attitude rate and abnormal gimbaling of the Bell XLR-81 engine. The Agena-A burn lasted 123 seconds, slightly longer than nominal, but tracking stations in VAFB, Kodiak Island, and Hawaii found no indication that orbit had been achieved, and it was concluded that the vehicle had reentered and broken up over an unknown point in the Pacific Ocean. The postflight analysis also found that the Atlas guidance system had malfunctioned in flight, due to either a failure of the rate beacon or waveguide antenna, but the guidance system was not telemetered so an exact cause could not be determined. The guidance system was unable to generate any steering or programmed engine cutoff commands, however, backup signals from the missile programmer managed to ensure a proper flight path and on-time engine cutoff. The Agena-A malfunction was traced to a technician installing a pad umbilical release lanyard improperly, which resulted in the Agena-A nitrogen quick fill line being ripped out at liftoff. Film and photographs of the launch clearly showed the gas escaping. At Agena engine ignition, the performance was also below normal, suggesting damage to the pneumatic system as well.[6]  The major objective of the SAMOS 1 mission was to determine the engineering feasibility of obtaining ground observation capability from an orbiting satellite. It launched on 11 October 1960 at 20:34 GMT from the Pacific Missile Range in Point Arguello, California. The first stage separated at 249.9 seconds after liftoff. The Agena-A second stage ignited at 506.7 seconds and cutoff at 629.3 seconds, as planned, but a loss of nitrogen gas pressure had disrupted the guidance and control systems at 123 seconds, resulting in poor trajectory and failure to orbit the payload. Tracking telemetry was lost prior to the Agena-A ignition, so the exact trajectory was unknown. SAMOS 1 was the first satellite in the series SAMOS launched by the US Air Force from Vandenberg Air Force Base aboard an Atlas Agena-A rocket. It was a first-generation photo surveillance satellite intended to radio relay images back to Earth but loss of nitrogen gas pressure disrupted the guidance and control systems, causing a second stage failure. No data were returned. The payload comprised photographic and related test equipment, telemetry, radiation, tracking, and command instrumentation. The payload was housed in the Agena second stage. The entire stage was designed to go into orbit. The stage, including payload and casing, had a planned orbital mass of 1,845 kg. It was a 6.7 meter high, 1.5-meter diameter cylinder. The first stage was a modified Atlas ICBM. The full rocket was 30.2 m high with a base diameter of 3.05 m and a liftoff mass of approximately 124 000 kg.[7]  SAMOS 2 was launched on 31 January 1961, on Atlas 70D and Agena 2102. Unlike with SAMOS 1, the weather was foggy and gray, and the pad was not even visible from the blockhouse. This time, everything worked perfectly and SAMOS 2 achieved orbit. The F-1 ferret system was tested first, followed by the E-1 electro-optical cameras, which transmitted images of approximately 30.5 m of resolution. On-orbit 21, ground controllers sent the command to jettison the F-1 antenna, which was partially obstructing the camera, in the hopes of even better images. However, something went disastrously wrong when all telemetry signals from SAMOS 2 ceased. It was believed that the separation mechanism for the F-1 antenna had caused the partial or complete disintegration of the satellite vehicle. SAMOS 2 remained in orbit until it decayed into the atmosphere on 21 October 1971.[8]  SAMOS 2 was launched from the Pacific Missile Range at 20:24:00 GMT, into a near-circular polar orbit of 474 x 557 km, 94.97 min of revolution, and 97.4° of inclination, to determine the capability for making observations of space, the atmosphere, and the nature of the globe from satellites. The 1 860 kg spacecraft was a cylinder 6.7 m long and 1.5 m in diameter, and it comprised the entire Agena-A second stage. Included in the instrumentation were photographic and associated test equipment, acoustical (Microphone Density Gauge) micrometeorite detection apparatus, a plasma probe, and an electric field meter. The computer on board was digital-to-analog. Telemetry, tracking, and command equipment completed the payload. Details about the satellite's transmitter were not announced. A conical nose cap detached from the satellite casing and remained in orbit. The expected lifetime of the satellite was 15 years, and the expected lifetime of the nose cap was 12 years.[9]  The next attempt did not take place for seven months, because of the switch to the larger Agena-B second stage that could be restarted in orbit and the operational Program 101A satellites, which had a more advanced camera system with better resolution and a wider field of view. SAMOS satellites after SAMOS 2 also sported a large "mushroom cap" nose cone, as early plans had envisioned flying a manned capsule similar to Project Mercury.  The SAMOS 3 launch was a complete disaster. SAMOS 3 lifted from PALC 1-1 on 9 September 1961 at 00:00:00 GMT, was a US Air Force first-generation photo surveillance satellite with 7 instruments on board [10] but the Atlas booster's engines shut down after the rocket had ascended about 29 cm and it fell back onto the pad in an enormous fireball. Postflight investigation found that an umbilical on PALC 1-1 had not detached on time, resulting in the booster being switched from internal to external power, but since the power umbilicals on the pad had already detached, the result was a complete loss of electrical power to all Atlas systems. The accident necessitated improved procedures to umbilical lanyard installation, and modifications to the launcher system to prevent the hold-down arms from releasing the launch vehicle until all umbilicals had detached.  After SAMOS 3, it was decided to abandon the Program 101/101A satellites entirely and switch to a more conventional film recovery capsule, since the one successful mission had not proven the viability of the electro-optical camera system. While the 101/101A satellites separated from the Agena-B in orbit, the 101B would remain attached and would use it for orbital maneuvers and also deorbiting the film capsule at the end of the mission.  Several more 101/101A satellites were either completed or in a state of partial completion when the program was called off, but the problem of how to dispose of them was never satisfactorily solved. Most were left mothballed in warehouses or scrapped. There was talk of giving the camera systems to NASA for the planetary probe program, but they were of doubtful value for taking photographs of the Moon. The Agena stages that could not be repurposed for other programs were scrapped.  The 101B satellites were originally intended to use an encrypted communications system out of paranoia that the Soviets could not only intercept transmissions, but even reprogram the satellite to land on their territory. Unlike CORONA, the 101B satellites would land with the complete camera system, not just the film capsule, and the Pentagon and State Department dreaded the consequences of a landing on Soviet territory. Ultimately, the encrypted communication requirement was dropped in October 1961, a mere month before the first 101B satellite launched.  As it turned out, PALC 1-1 was not seriously damaged by the explosion of SAMOS 3's booster and repair work only consisted of plumbing and electrical equipment, replacing the launcher mechanism, and cleaning and repainting. By 29 October, the pad was fully restored to working condition.  On 22 November 1961 at 00:00:00 GMT, SAMOS 4, the first Program 101B satellite, was a US Air Force first-generation photo surveillance satellite,[11] lifted off. Extensive efforts were made to ensure mission success, such as X-ray testing for bad transistors and super-clean propellant tanks. Unfortunately, the launch was another failure, albeit less dramatic than SAMOS 3. The Atlas suffered a guidance malfunction at T+245 seconds into launch that resulted in loss of pitch control, as well as improper booster and sustainer cutoff signals. Booster jettison happened a few seconds early, while the sustainer engine burned to LOX depletion. The booster pitched up about 160° at SECO, leaving the Agena oriented in the wrong direction for orbital insertion, so when its engine fired, it drove SAMOS 4 into the Pacific Ocean instead of orbit.  It was believed that the improper pitch signals on SAMOS 4's launch vehicle had been caused by the accidental separation of a heat shield covering the retrorockets on the Atlas equipment pods. This would have caused aerodynamic heating of the pitch gyro, and the failure was extremely similar to an incident that occurred during the launch of MIDAS 4 a month earlier, and it led to redesigned heat shields over the retrorockets. The guidance system tracking beacon had also failed in flight, causing the absence of programmed BECO/SECO commands.[12]  SAMOS 4 was the first fully top-secret DoD space mission, as President Kennedy had issued an executive order putting all DoD space programs under strict secrecy. The Air Force announcement said nothing other than that a satellite had been launched on 22 November from PALC 1-1 on an Atlas-Agena B vehicle. SAMOS 4's failure to orbit also went unannounced, although since the Air Force never confirmed that it reached orbit, space program observers quickly guessed that the launch was not a success.  The next two Program 101B satellites contained several technical improvements, such as more sophisticated telemetry and control/communications systems and improved cameras.  SAMOS 5 was launched on 22 December 1961 at 19:12:00 GMT, was a first-generation, low-resolution photo surveillance spacecraft,[13] once again with nothing but a brief statement by the Air Force about a launch taking place aboard an Atlas-Agena B from PALC 1-1. Space program observers noted that this time around, the Air Force statement did report the satellite as having attained orbit. Indeed, it did, but the Atlas malfunctioned yet again. This time, the sustainer engine did not cut off on schedule and continued operating until LOX depletion, putting the satellite into a high orbit, which resulted in the deorbit maneuver failing (although given that reentry would have taken place over densely-populated New England, this was not necessarily a bad thing). The reentry command had activated all systems in the satellite, quickly draining the batteries. With the loss of electrical power, the parachutes could not be deployed during reentry, and also since the retrorockets had been expended during the failed deorbit maneuver, SAMOS 5 would only leave orbit once it decayed naturally. Without the parachutes or retrorockets, the capsule's descent would be far too fast for air recovery to be possible, but it could still easily survive reentry and land almost anywhere. The spent Agena-B stage reentered over Indonesia on 31 December, and it was calculated that reentry of the satellite itself would happen on 6 January 1962.  When 6 January 1962 came, the indications were that SAMOS 5 impacted somewhere in northwestern Canada. A US Air Force search party attempted to obtain Canadian permission to search the suspected area, but were unable to explain exactly what they were looking for. The Canadian authorities were suspicious that a B-52 aircraft had accidentally lost a nuclear warhead somewhere, and since this was not an easily resolved matter, the search was called off. Later on, a pair of U-2 reconnaissance aircraft searched the suspected area, but failed to locate any satellite debris.[14]  SAMOS 6 was launched on 7 March 1962 at 19:12:00 GMT, finally had no booster problems, in part due to modifications made to the Agena-B after lessons learned from previous missions, but a series of erroneous ground commands caused the satellite to deplete its attitude control gas. When the Agena stage fired for the deorbit maneuver, SAMOS 6 was launched into a high orbit. In July 1963, fifteen months later, the satellite was on the verge of reentry. With the electrical system dead for months, there was again no chance of an air recovery of the capsule, but it could still survive reentry. However, it was calculated that impact would occur in the Arabian Sea and in all likelihood, the cold ocean water would crack the heat shield and cause it to sink. No attempt was made to recover SAMOS 6, which did apparently land in the Arabian Sea. At this point, the idea of the recoverable capsule was abandoned and the electro-optical system put back into use. It proved no more successful than before and after another five SAMOS launches, the program was terminated.  By the end of 1962, when the last SAMOS satellite flew, only the CORONA program had managed to return usable reconnaissance images. The photos obtained by SAMOS 2 back at the start of 1961 were considered little more than curiosities, their resolution too low for reconnaissance. The Lanyard program had by this time emerged as a successor to SAMOS, and by 1962, CORONA was at last reaching operational status.  In addition, aside program was operated during this period (Program 102) which launched a modified SAMOS on the Thor-Agena B with no cameras at all, but instead electronic monitoring equipment for detecting Soviet missile launches — what could be described as an early ELINT satellite. Four of these were launched from 1962 to 1963 with one failure when the first satellite's Agena-B failed to restart in orbit. The standard SAMOS apparently also carried ELINT subsatellites that remained attached to the Agena-B stage.  Like most early space programs, SAMOS had goals that exceeded what contemporary technology was capable of, and the launch vehicles used to orbit it were nearly as marginal as the satellite itself. Digital photography was not attempted successfully until the KH-11 satellites came online in the late 1970s.  From October 1960 to November 1962, at least 11 launch attempts were made.  Portions of the program are still considered classified information. It is believed that the program was cancelled because the imagery produced was poor. The program was operated by the United States Air Force, but was overshadowed by the CIA CORONA program.  At least two different generations of the satellite were made, and at least four different types of cameras were used. Early on, the idea was to use frame readout cameras that would take a picture and send the scanned image via radio to ground stations on Earth. This system was apparently troublesome, so the program also developed a photographic film return system where the camera and used film would be ejected and be retrieved as it floated down through the atmosphere by parachute. Film-return satellites would remain the standard until the KH-11 satellite with digital imaging capability emerged in the 1970s.  The E-1 and E-2 cameras used the readout method.  Little is known about the E-3 type of camera, which was eventually cancelled. It likely had higher resolution, and may have been superseded by the later E-6. An E-4 camera was initially planned for relatively low-resolution mapmaking purposes, but it was cancelled with the functionality being taken up by the KH-5 (Argon) satellite. The E-5 and E-6 were panoramic format film cameras that appeared in later launches, but only a few were used. The E-5 would later be called upon in the short-lived KH-6 (Lanyard) program.  E-1 camera, particularly the unique system of developing and scanning the film on orbit, was later adopted by Kodak for NASA moon cartographic Lunar Orbiter program.[17]  Some satellites were equipped with so-called Ferret devices, for "ferreting" information by spying on electronic communication. A more modern term for that activity would be Signals Intelligence. Toward the end of the program, satellites were only being launched with Ferrets, without any cameras. Two Ferret systems were created, designated F-1 and F-2.  Some additional payloads were sometimes on board, mostly scientific devices for learning more about the space environment so that future satellites could be better-designed for spaceflight. The satellites as launched varied in mass from 1,845 to 1,890 kilograms.  SAMOS 2 was the first satellite to enter a sun-synchronous orbit.[18]  Sergei Khrushchev wrote in his memoirs about the partial recovery of what he believed was a SAMOS satellite, except the date, was the winter before the program started. A second capsule was apparently recovered in early 1961, although the device had been disassembled by local farmers, exposing film and preventing the Soviets from determining the satellite's capabilities. It may or may not have been a SAMOS.  James Gilbert Baker"
Barrie Martin;"   Barrie Martin (29 September 1935 – 27 February 2019) was an English professional footballer. He spent seven years at Blackpool in the 1950s and 1960s, making almost 200 Football League appearances for the club.  Martin made his debut for Joe Smith's Blackpool on 28 December 1957, in a 3–2 defeat to Bolton Wanderers. He also appeared in the final league game three days later, another defeat, this time at Tottenham Hotspur.[1]  Joe Smith retired after 23 years as Blackpool manager at the end of 1957–58. His successor for the 1958–59 campaign was former Pool player Ron Suart. Suart gave six league starts to Martin.[2]  It was Martin's third season at Blackpool, 1959–60, that he properly broke into the team. He made 38 league appearances, missing only four games. He also scored his first goal for the club, in a 3–1 victory over Chelsea at Bloomfield Road on 12 December.[3]  In 1960–61, Martin was ever-present in Blackpool's first twelve games of the league campaign, but he went on to miss the next 22. He returned to the line-up on 31 March, with eight games remaining, of which he appeared in six.[4]  Conversely, Martin missed only one league game of the 1961–62 campaign (and one of Blackpool's 52 total games, which included a run to the semi-finals of the League Cup).[5]  He went one better in 1962–63, appearing in all of the club's 47 league and cup games.[6]  Martin chalked up another forty league appearances in 1963–64, his final season at the seaside. His swan song was in the final game of the league campaign, a 4–3 defeat at Ipswich Town on 25 April.[7] "
Pelutava;" Pelutava (formerly Russian: Пелутово, Polish: Piełutowo)[1] is a village in Kėdainiai district municipality, in Kaunas County, in central Lithuania. According to the 2011 census, the village had a population of 179 people.[2] It is located 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) from Pernarava, by the Liedas river. There is a library.  Pelutava has been known since 1590. At the 18th century it was a royal village in Vilkija eldership. During the Soviet era Pelutava was the "Salomėja Nėris" kolkhoz center.[3]  This Kaunas County, Lithuania location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Pont Dénommée;"   The pont Dénommée is a covered bridge in Abitibi-Témiscamingue, Canada.[1]  Among the last in Quebec, 34 covered bridges were constructed in Abitibi, and are associated with the colonisation of the region in the early 1900s.[2] Today fewer than half of them are extant.  The single-lane bridge is of Lattice truss bridge design.[3] This design was modified by the Quebec Ministry of Colonisation and was used for more than 500 covered bridges in Quebec.   Built in 1933, it replaced an earlier bridge which was destroyed during flooding.[4] In was lengthened by 10 metres in the 1950s, and renovated in 1986. The capacity is 10 tonnes.[3] It is named after pioneer Albert Dénommée. It is closed to traffic in the winter since 1975.  The bridge does not benefit from any provincial or municipal protection.  This article about a specific bridge in Quebec is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. List of covered bridges in Quebec"
Pure Oil Service Station (Lavonia, Georgia);" The Pure Oil Service Station in Lavonia, Georgia, located at 56 West Ave., was built in 1935.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.[1]  It is a one-story brick building with a steep roof.  It was operated as a service station until the 1970s.[2]  This article about a property in Georgia on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Kan Rud, Fars;" Kan Rud (Persian: كانرود, also Romanized as Kān Rūd and Kānrūd)[1] is a village in Jereh Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 253, in 53 families.[2]  This Kazerun County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Sue Desmond-Hellmann;" Sue Desmond-Hellmann is an American oncologist and biotechnology leader who served as the Chief Executive Officer of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation from 2014–2020. She was previously Chancellor of the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF), the first woman to hold the position, and Arthur and Toni Rembe Rock Distinguished Professor, and before that president of product development at Genentech, where she played a role in the development of the first gene-targeted cancer drugs, Avastin and Herceptin.[1]  Desmond-Hellmann grew up in Reno, Nevada, as one of seven children. Her father worked as a pharmacist and her mother was an English teacher.[2] She earned a bachelor of science degree in pre-medicine and an M.D. from the University of Nevada, Reno and received her residency training at UCSF, where she served as chief resident. She is board-certified in internal medicine and medical oncology, and also holds a master's degree in public health from the University of California, Berkeley School of Public Health.[3]  Desmond-Hellmann served as an associate adjunct professor of epidemiology and biostatistics At UCSF. She joined the UCSF medical faculty during the HIV/AIDS epidemic in San Francisco, and worked on Kaposi's sarcoma. Beginning in 1989 both she and her husband, an infectious disease doctor, spent two years as visiting faculty at the Uganda Cancer Institute, studying and treating patients with infectious diseases and Kaposi's sarcoma in a project funded by the Rockefeller Foundation.[3][2] She then spent two years in private practice.  Returning to clinical research, Desmond-Hellmann became associate director of clinical cancer research at Bristol-Myers Squibb Pharmaceutical Research Institute. While there, she was the project team leader for Taxol.  In 1995 Desmond-Hellmann joined Genentech as a clinical scientist. She was named chief medical officer the following year, and in 1999 became executive vice president of development and product operations. From March 2004 through April 2009 she was president of product development, playing a role in the development of two of the first gene-targeted therapies for cancer, Avastin and Herceptin.[2][3][4] She left after the company was acquired by Roche Pharmaceuticals.[2][5] At that point her compensation was $8 million a year.[2]  From 2005 to 2008, Desmond-Hellmann served a three-year term as a member of the American Association for Cancer Research board of directors, and from 2001 to 2009, she served on the executive committee of the board of directors of the Biotechnology Industry Organization. She also served a three-year term on the Economic Advisory Council of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco beginning in January 2009.[3] She served on the corporate board of Affymetrix from 2004 to 2009[3] and on the board of Procter & Gamble in 2012–13,[6]  After being invited to apply, on August 3, 2009, Desmond-Hellmann became Chancellor of UCSF, the first woman to hold the position and the first drawn from outside academia. Her starting salary was $450,000 a year.[2]  In June 2010, one day after being questioned by The New York Times, Desmond-Hellmann sold her stock in the Altria Group, which owns Phillip Morris USA and other tobacco companies, and subsequently donated $134,000 to the tobacco control center at UCSF. She said that many of her holdings had been purchased on her behalf by her stockbroker and that she was too busy to oversee all her investments,  although she had included the stock on her financial disclosure statement.[7][8]  In January 2012 Desmond-Hellmann proposed changing the relationship between UCSF, a health sciences university, and the University of California.[9] She proposed creating partnerships between UCSF and private pharmaceutical corporations and other sources of funding, in order to increase its revenues and resolve its projected financial instability.[2][5][10][11]  Desmond-Hellmann served as UCSF Chancellor until March 2014, holding the Arthur and Toni Rembe Rock Distinguished Professorship during her tenure.[3]  In 2011, Desmond-Hellmann co-chaired a National Academy of Sciences committee that recommended creating a Google Maps-like data network aimed at developing more diagnostics and treatments tailored to individual patients — a concept known as precision medicine.[12] The so-called "knowledge network" would integrate the wealth of data emerging on the molecular basis of disease with information on environmental factors and patients’ electronic medical records and would allow scientists to share emerging research findings faster, thereby accelerating the development of tailored treatments. It also would allow clinicians to make more informed decisions about treatments, reduce health care costs and ultimately improve care.[13] The NAS report, titled "Toward Precision Medicine: Building a Knowledge Network for Biomedical Research and a New Taxonomy of Disease", was described by Keith Yamamoto, Vice Chancellor for Research at UCSF, as "the most important National Academy of Sciences Framework Analysis since that advisory body recommended that the United States go forward with the Human Genome Project".[14]  On December 17, 2013, The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation announced that it had selected Desmond-Hellmann as its next chief executive officer.[12][4] She assumed her role on May 1, 2014, the first head of the foundation to be neither a former Microsoft executive nor a personal friend of the Gates', and the first physician.[15]  In 2017 Desmond-Hellmann became a member of the Prix Galien USA Committee,[16] succeeding Roy Vagelos as Chair of that Committee in 2018. She is also Chair of the Prix Galien International and Member of the Prix Galien Africa Committee.  In December 2019, Desmond-Hellmann announced plans to step down from her role as BMGF CEO "for health and family reasons". Mark Suzman will leave his role of BMGF president of Global Policy & Advocacy and chief strategy officer to become the new BMGF CEO on February 1, 2020.[17]  In 2021, Desmond-Hellmann was appointed by President Joe Biden to the President’s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology (PCAST), co-chaired by Frances Arnold, Eric Lander and Maria Zuber.[18]  Desmond-Hellmann married Nicholas Hellmann in 1987.[2]  Facebook, Member of the Board of Directors (2013–2019)[19][20] Pfizer, Member of the Board of Directors (since 2020)[21] Global He@lth 2030 Innovation Task Force, Member of the Advisory Council (since 2015)[22] California Academy of Sciences, Member of the Board of Trustees (since 2008) Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Member of the Board of Trustees (since 2012)[23]"
Leaky bucket;" The leaky bucket is an algorithm based on an analogy of how a bucket with a constant leak will overflow if either the average rate at which water is poured in exceeds the rate at which the bucket leaks or if more water than the capacity of the bucket is poured in all at once. It can be used to determine whether some sequence of discrete events conforms to defined limits on their average and peak rates or frequencies, e.g. to limit the actions associated with these events to these rates or delay them until they do conform to the rates. It may also be used to check conformance or limit to an average rate alone, i.e. remove any variation from the average.   It is used in packet-switched computer networks and telecommunications networks in both the traffic policing and traffic shaping of data transmissions, in the form of packets,[note 1] to defined limits on bandwidth and burstiness (a measure of the unevenness or variations in the traffic flow). It can also be used as a scheduling algorithm to determine the timing of transmissions that will comply with the limits set for the bandwidth and burstiness applied by the network: see network scheduler.[1][2][3][4] A version of the leaky bucket, the generic cell rate algorithm, is recommended for asynchronous transfer mode (ATM) networks[5] in Usage/Network Parameter Control at user–network interfaces or inter-network interfaces or network-to-network interfaces to protect a network from excessive traffic levels on connections routed through it. The generic cell rate algorithm, or an equivalent, may also be used to shape transmissions by a network interface card onto an ATM network (i.e. on the user side of the user-network interface), e.g. to levels below the levels set for Usage/Network Parameter Control in the network to prevent it taking action to further limit that connection. The leaky bucket algorithm is also used in leaky bucket counters, e.g. to detect when the average or peak rate of random or stochastic events or stochastic processes, such as faults or failures, exceed defined limits.  At least some implementations of the leaky bucket are a mirror image of the Token Bucket algorithm and will, given equivalent parameters, determine exactly the same sequence of events to conform or not conform to the same limits. However, there are at least two different descriptions of the leaky bucket that can and have caused confusion.[1][2][6]  Two different methods of applying this leaky bucket analogy are described in the literature.[1][2][3][4] These give what appear to be two different algorithms, both of which are referred to as the leaky bucket algorithm and generally without reference to the other method. This has resulted in confusion about what the leaky bucket algorithm is and what its properties are.  In one version of applying the analogy, the analogue of the bucket is a counter or variable, separate from the flow of traffic or schedule of events.[1][3][4] This counter is used only to check that the traffic or events conform to the limits: The counter is incremented as each packet arrives at the point where the check is being made or an event occurs, which is equivalent to the way water is added intermittently to the bucket. The counter is also decremented at a fixed rate, equivalent to the way the water leaks out of the bucket. As a result, the value in the counter represents the level of the water in the analogous bucket. If the counter remains below a specified limit value when a packet arrives or an event occurs, i.e. the bucket does not overflow, that indicates its conformance to the bandwidth and burstiness limits or the average and peak rate event limits. So in this version, the analogue of the water is carried by the packets or the events, added to the bucket on their arriving or occurring, and then leaks away. This version is referred to here as  the leaky bucket as a meter.  In the second version, the analogue of the bucket is a queue in the flow of traffic.[2] This queue is used to directly control that flow: Packets are entered into the queue as they arrive, equivalent to the water being added to the bucket. These packets are then removed from the queue (first come, first served), usually at a fixed rate, e.g. for onward transmission, equivalent to water leaking from the bucket. As a result, the rate at which the queue is serviced directly controls the onward transmission rate of the traffic. Thus it imposes conformance rather than checking it, and where the queue is serviced at a fixed rate (and where the packets are all the same length), the resulting traffic stream is necessarily devoid of burstiness or jitter. So in this version, the traffic itself is the analogue of the water passing through the bucket. It is not clear how this version of applying the analogy might be used to check the rates of discrete events. This version is referred to here as ' the leaky bucket as a queue.  The leaky bucket as a meter is exactly equivalent to (a mirror image of) the token bucket algorithm, i.e. the process of adding water to the leaky bucket exactly mirrors that of removing tokens from the token bucket when a conforming packet arrives, the process of leaking of water from the leaky bucket exactly mirrors that of regularly adding tokens to the token bucket, and the test that the leaky bucket will not overflow is a mirror of the test that the token bucket contains enough tokens and will not 'underflow'. Thus, given equivalent parameters, the two algorithms will see the same traffic as conforming or nonconforming. The leaky bucket as a queue can be seen as a special case of the leaky bucket as a meter.[6]  Jonathan S. Turner is credited[7] with the original description of the leaky bucket algorithm and describes it as follows: "A counter associated with each user transmitting on a connection is incremented whenever the user sends a packet and is decremented periodically. If the counter exceeds a threshold upon being incremented, the network discards the packet. The user specifies the rate at which the counter is decremented (this determines the average bandwidth) and the value of the threshold (a measure of burstiness)".[1] The bucket (analogous to the counter) is in this case used as a meter to test the conformance of packets, rather than as a queue to directly control them.  Another description of what is essentially the same meter version of the algorithm, the generic cell rate algorithm, is given by the ITU-T in recommendation I.371 and in the ATM Forum's UNI Specification.[3][4] The description, in which the term cell is equivalent to packet in Turner's description[1] is given by the ITU-T as follows: "The continuous-state leaky bucket can be viewed as a finite capacity bucket whose real-valued content drains out at a continuous rate of 1 unit of content per time unit and whose content is increased by the increment T for each conforming cell... If at a cell arrival the content of the bucket is less than or equal to the limit value τ, then the cell is conforming, otherwise, the cell is non-conforming. The capacity of the bucket (the upper bound of the counter) is (T + τ)".[4] These specifications also state that, due to its finite capacity, if the contents of the bucket at the time the conformance is tested is greater than the limit value, and hence the cell is non-conforming, then the bucket is left unchanged, that is, the water is simply not added if it would make the bucket overflow.  David E. McDysan and Darrel L. Spohn provide a commentary on the description given by the ITU-T/ATM Forum. In this, they state "In the leaky bucket analogy, the [ATM] cells do not actually flow through the bucket, only the check for conforming admission does".[6] However, uncommonly in the descriptions in the literature, McDysan and Spohn also refer to the leaky bucket algorithm as a queue, going on "Note that one implementation of traffic shaping is to actually have the cells flow through the bucket".[6]  In describing the operation of the ITU-T's version of the algorithm, McDysan and Spohn invoke a "notion commonly employed in queueing theory of a fictional 'gremlin'".[6] This gremlin inspects the level in the bucket and takes action if the level is above the limit value τ : in policing (figure 2), it pulls open a trap door, which causes the arriving packet to be dropped and stops its water from entering the bucket, in shaping (figure 3), it pushes up a flap, which delays the arriving packet and prevents it from delivering its water, until the water level in the bucket falls below τ.  The difference between the descriptions given by Turner and the ITU-T/ATM Forum is that Turner's is specific to traffic policing, whereas the ITU-T/ATM Forum is applicable to both traffic policing and traffic shaping. Also, Turner does not state that the contents of the counter should only be affected by conforming packets, and should only be incremented when this would not cause it to exceed a limit, i.e. Turner does not explicitly state that the bucket's capacity or counter's maximum value is finite. To make Turner's description clearly aligned with ITU-T, the statement "If the counter exceeds a threshold upon being incremented, the network discards the packet" would have to be changed to something like "If the counter would exceed a threshold [equivalent to the bucket depth, T + τ, in the ITU-T description] upon being incremented, the network discards the packet and the counter is not incremented", i.e. it is only incremented when it is less than or equal to the limit value, τ, or at least T less than the bucket depth in the ITU-T description.  While the description given by Turner does not state that the counter should only be affected by conforming packets, it is given in terms of a traffic policing function, where overzealousness in limiting a connection containing nonconforming packets may not be an issue. Indeed, in some contexts, such as variable bitrate (VBR) transmissions, the loss of any one packet may corrupt the entirety of a higher layer message, e.g. an OSI Network Layer PDU. In which case, discarding all the following packets of that corrupted PDU sheds an unnecessary network load.  However, it would be entirely unacceptable in traffic shaping for a packet that fails the conformance test to affect how long before conformance can next occur, i.e. if the act of testing a subsequent packet for conformance would change how long a packet currently waiting to conform has to wait. This is exactly what would happen if the water from nonconforming packets were to be added to the bucket, as any subsequent nonconforming packets would raise the water level, and thus make a packet waiting to conform wait longer.  Neither Turner nor the ITU-T addresses the issue of variable-length packets. However, the description according to the ITU-T is for ATM cells, which are fixed length packets, and Turner does not specifically exclude variable length packets. Hence, in both cases, if the amount by which the bucket content or counter is incremented for a conforming packet is proportional to the packet length, they will both account for the length and allow the algorithm to limit the bandwidth of the traffic explicitly rather than limiting the packet rate. For example, shorter packets would add less to the bucket, and could thus arrive at smaller intervals, whereas, longer packets would add more and thus have to be separated by proportionally larger intervals to conform.  A description of the concept of operation of the Leaky Bucket Algorithm as a meter that can be used in either traffic policing or traffic shaping may be stated as follows:  The leaky bucket as a meter can be used in either traffic shaping or traffic policing. For example, in ATM networks, in the form of the generic cell rate algorithm, it is used to compare the bandwidth and burstiness of traffic on a Virtual Channel (VC) or Virtual Path (VP) against the specified limits on the rate at which cells may arrive and the maximum jitter, or variation in inter-arrival intervals, for the VC or VP. In traffic policing, cells that do not conform to these limits (nonconforming cells) may be discarded (dropped) or may be reduced in priority (for downstream traffic management functions to drop if there is congestion). In traffic shaping, cells are delayed until they conform. Traffic policing and traffic shaping are commonly used in UPC/NPC to protect the network against excess or excessively bursty traffic, see bandwidth management and congestion avoidance. Traffic shaping is commonly used in the network interfaces in hosts to prevent transmissions from exceeding the bandwidth or jitter limits and being discarded by traffic management functions in the network. (See scheduling (computing) and network scheduler.)  The leaky bucket algorithm as a meter can also be used in a leaky bucket counter to measure the rate of random or stochastic processes. A Leaky bucket counter can be used to detect when the average or peak rate of events increases above some, acceptable, background level, i.e. when the bucket overflows.[8] However, events that do not cause an overflow, i.e. have sufficiently low rates and are well distributed over time, can be ignored. For example, such a leaky bucket counter can be used to detect when there is a sudden burst of correctable memory errors or when there has been a gradual, but significant, increase in the average rate, which may indicate an impending failure,[9] etc.  The use of the leaky bucket algorithm in a leaky bucket counter is similar to that in traffic management, in that it is used as a meter. Essentially, the events replace the packets in the description, with each event causing a quantity of water to be added to the bucket. If the bucket would overflow, as a result of the event, then the event should trigger the action associated with an out-of-limits event. Some implementations[8] seem to parallel Turner's description,[1] in that there is no explicit limit on the maximum value that the counter may take, implying that once the counter has exceeded the threshold, it may not return to its previous state until a period significantly greater than the equivalent of the emission interval has passed, which may be increased by what would otherwise be conforming events. However, other implementations may not increment the counter while it is overflowed, allowing it to correctly determine whether the following events conform or not.  In the case of the leaky bucket algorithm as a meter, the limits on the traffic can be bandwidth and a burstiness of the output.[3][4][note 2]  The bandwidth limit and burstiness limit for the connection may be specified in a traffic contract. A bandwidth limit may be specified as a packet or frame rate, a byte or bit rate, or as an emission interval between the packets. A limit on burstiness may be specified as a jitter or delay variation tolerance, or as a maximum burst size (MBS).  Multiple sets of contract parameters can be applied concurrently to a connection using multiple instances of the leaky bucket algorithm, each of which may take a bandwidth and a burstiness limit: see Dual Leaky Bucket Controller.  The rate at which the bucket leaks will determine the bandwidth limit, which is referred to as the average rate by Turner[1] and the inverse of which is referred to as the emission interval by the ITU-T. It is easiest to explain what this interval is where packets have a fixed length. Hence, the first part of this description assumes this, and the implications of variable packet lengths are considered separately.  Consider a bucket that is exactly filled to the top by preceding traffic, i.e. when the maximum permitted burstiness has already occurred, i.e. the maximum number of packets or cells have just arrived in the minimum amount of time for them to still conform to the bandwidth and jitter limits. The minimum interval before the next packet can conform is then the time it takes for the bucket to leak exactly the amount of water delivered by a packet, and if a packet is tested and conforms at that time, this will exactly fill the bucket once more. Thus, once the bucket is filled, the maximum rate that packets can conform is with this interval between each packet.  Turner[1] refers to this rate as the average, implying that its inverse is the average interval. There is, however, some ambiguity in what the average rate and interval are. Since packets can arrive at any lower rate, this is an upper bound, rather than a fixed value, so it could at best be called the maximum for the average rate. Also, during the time the maximum burstiness occurs, packets can arrive at smaller intervals and thus at a higher rate than this. So, for any period less than infinity, the actual average rate can be (but isn't necessarily) greater than this and the average interval can be (but isn't necessarily) less than the emission interval. Hence, because of this ambiguity, the term emission interval is used hereafter. However, it is still true that the minimum value that the long-term average interval can take tends to be the emission interval.  For variable length packets, where the amount added to the bucket is proportional to the packet length, the maximum rate at which they can conform varies according to their length: the amount that the bucket must have leaked from full for a packet to conform is the amount the packet will add, and if this is proportional to the packet length, so is the interval between it and the preceding packet that filled the bucket. Hence, it is not possible to specify a specific emission interval for variable length packets, and the bandwidth limit has to be specified explicitly, in bits or bytes per second.  It is easiest to explain what this tolerance is where packets have a fixed length. Hence, the first part of this description assumes this, and the implications of variable packet lengths are considered separately.  The ITU-T defines a limit value, τ, that is less than the capacity of the bucket by T (the amount by which the bucket contents is incremented for each conforming cell), so that the capacity of the bucket is T + τ. This limit value specifies how much earlier a packet can arrive than it would normally be expected if the packets were arriving with exactly the emission interval between them.  Imagine the following situation: A bucket leaks at 1 unit of water per second, so the limit value, τ and the amount of water added by a packet, T, are effectively in units of seconds. This bucket starts off empty, so when a packet arrives at the bucket, it does not quite fill the bucket by adding its water T, and the bucket is now τ below its capacity. So when the next packet arrives the bucket only has to have drained by T – τ for this to conform. So the interval between these two packets can be as much as τ less than T.  This extends to multiple packets in a sequence: Imagine the following: The bucket again starts off empty, so the first packet to arrive must conform. The bucket then becomes exactly full after a number of conforming packets, N, have arrived in the minimum possible time for them to conform. For the last (the Nth) packet to conform, the bucket must have leaked enough of the water from the preceding N – 1 packets ((N – 1) * T seconds' worth) for it to be exactly at the limit value τ at this time. Hence, the water leaked is (N – 1)T – τ, which because the leak is one unit per second, took exactly (N – 1)T – τ seconds to leak. Thus the shortest time in which all N packets can arrive and conform is (N – 1)T – τ seconds, which is exactly τ less than the time it would have taken if the packets had been arriving at exactly the emission interval.  However, packets can only arrive with intervals less than T where the bucket is not filled by the previous packet. If it is, then the bucket must have drained by the full amount T before the next packet conforms. So once this tolerance has been used up by packets arriving at less than T, subsequent frames must arrive at intervals no less than T. They may, however, arrive at greater intervals, when the bucket will not be filled by them. When this has happened, packets may, again, arrive with intervals less than T until the tolerance is again used up. However, since the bucket stops leaking when it is empty, there is always a limit (τ) to how much tolerance can be accrued by these intervals greater than T, however, much greater than T they may be or, however, many of them there are.  Since the limit value τ defines how much earlier a packet can arrive than would be expected, it is the limit on the difference between the maximum and minimum delays from the source to the point where the conformance test is being made (assuming the packets are generated with no jitter). Hence, the use of the term Cell Delay Variation tolerance (CDVt) for this parameter in ATM.  As an example, a possible source of delay variation is where a number of connections (streams of packets) are multiplexed together at the output of a switch. Assuming that the sum of the bandwidths of these connections is less than that of the output, all of the packets that arrive can be transmitted, eventually. However, if their arrivals are independent, e.g. because they arrive at different inputs of the switch, then several may arrive at or nearly at the same time. Since the output can only transmit one packet at a time, the others must be queued in a buffer until it is their turn to be transmitted. This buffer then introduces an additional delay between a packet arriving at an input and being transmitted by the output, and this delay varies, depending on how many other packets are already queued in the buffer. A similar situation can occur at the output of a host (in the NIC) when multiple packets have the same or similar release times, and this delay can usually be modelled as a delay in a virtual output buffer.  For variable length packets, where the amount of water added by a given packet is proportional to its length, τ can't be seen as a limit on how full the bucket can be when a packet arrives, as this varies depending on the packet size. However, the time it takes to drain from this level to empty is still how much earlier a packet can arrive than is expected, when packets are transmitted at the bandwidth limit. Thus, it is still the maximum variation in transfer delay to the point where the conformance test is being applied that can be tolerated, and thus the tolerance on maximum delay variation.  The limit value or delay variation tolerance also controls how many packets can arrive in a burst, determined by the excess depth of the bucket over the capacity required for a single packet. Hence MBS is also a measure of burstiness or jitter, and it is possible to specify the burstiness as an MBS and derive the limit value τ from this or to specify it as a jitter/delay variation tolerance/limit value, and derive the MBS from this.  A burst or clump of packets can arrive at a higher rate than determined by the emission interval T. This may be the line rate of the physical layer connection when the packets in the burst will arrive back-to-back. However, as in ATM, the tolerance may be applied to a lower rate, in that case the Sustainable Cell Rate (SCR), and the burst of packets (cells) can arrive at a higher rate, but less than the line rate of the physical layer, in that case, the Peak Cell Rate (PCR). The MBS may then be the number of cells needed to transport a higher layer packet (see segmentation and reassembly), where the packets are transmitted with a maximum bandwidth determined by the SCR and cells within the packets are transmitted at the PCR, thus allowing the last cell of the packet, and the packet itself, to arrive significantly earlier than it would if the cells were sent at the SCR: transmission duration = (MBS-1)/PCR rather than (MBS-1)/SCR. This bursting at the PCR puts a significantly higher load on shared resources, e.g. switch output buffers, than does transmission at the SCR, and is thus more likely to result in buffer overflows and network congestion. However, it puts a lesser load on these resources than would transmitting at the SCR with a limit value, τSCR, that allows MBS cells to be transmitted and arrive back-to-back at the line rate.  If the limit value is large enough, then several packets can arrive in a burst and still conform: if the bucket starts from empty, the first packet to arrive will add T, but if, by the time the next packet arrives, the contents is below τ, this will also conform. Assuming that each packet takes δ to arrive, then if τ (expressed as the time it takes the bucket to empty from the limit value) is equal to or greater than the emission interval less the minimum interarrival time, T – δ, the second packet will conform even if it arrives as a burst with the first. Similarly, if τ is equal to or greater than (T – δ) × 2, then 3 packets can arrive in a burst, etc.  The maximum size of this burst, M, can be calculated from the emission interval, T, the maximum jitter tolerance, τ, and the time taken to transmit/receive a packet, δ, as follows:[3]  Equally, the minimum value of jitter tolerance τ that gives a specific MBS can be calculated from the MBS as follows:[3]  In the case of ATM, where technically MBS only relates to the SCR tolerance, in the above equation the time it takes each packet to arrive, δ, is the emission interval for cells at the PCR TPCR, and the emission interval, T, is the emission interval for the SCR TSCR. Where MBS is to be the number of cells required to transport a segmented packet, the limit value in the above, τ, should be that for the SCR τSCR. However, at the UNI or an NNI, where cells at the PCR will have been subjected to delay variation, it should be the limit value for the SCR plus that for the PCR τSCR + τPCR.  For variable length packets, the maximum burst size will depend on the lengths of the packets in the burst and there is no single value for the maximum burst size. However, it is possible to specify the total burst length in bytes, from the byte rate of the input stream, the equivalent byte rate of the leak, and the bucket depth.  The leaky bucket algorithm is sometimes contrasted with the token bucket algorithm. However, the above concept of operation for the leaky bucket as a meter may be directly compared with the token bucket algorithm, the description of which is given in that article as the following:  This can be compared with the concept of operation, repeated from above:  As can be seen, these two descriptions are essentially mirror images of one another: one adds something to the bucket on a regular basis and takes something away for conforming packets down to a limit of zero, the other takes away regularly and adds for conforming packets up to a limit of the bucket's capacity. So, is an implementation that adds tokens for a conforming packet and removes them at a fixed rate an implementation of the leaky bucket or of the token bucket? Similarly, which algorithm is used in an implementation that removes water for a conforming packet and adds water at a fixed rate? In fact both are effectively the same, i.e. implementations of both the leaky bucket and token bucket, as these are the same basic algorithm described differently. This explains why, given equivalent parameters, the two algorithms will see exactly the same packets as conforming or nonconforming. The differences in the properties and performance of implementations of the leaky and token bucket algorithms thus result entirely from the differences in the implementations, i.e. they do not stem from differences in the underlying algorithms.  The points to note are that the leaky bucket algorithm, when used as a meter, can allow a conforming output packet stream with jitter or burstiness, can be used in traffic policing as well as shaping, and can be implemented for variable length packets.  The leaky bucket as a queue is essentially a way of describing a simple FIFO buffer or queue that is serviced at a fixed rate to remove burstiness or jitter. A description of it is given by Andrew S. Tanenbaum, in (an older version of) his book Computer Networks as "The leaky bucket consists of a finite queue. When a packet arrives, if there is room on the queue it is appended to the queue, otherwise it is discarded. At every clock tick one packet is transmitted (unless the queue is empty)".[2] An implementation of the leaky bucket as a queue is therefore always a form of traffic shaping function.  As can be seen this implementation is restricted in that the packets are only ever transmitted at a fixed rate. To underline this, Tanenbaum also states that "The leaky bucket algorithm enforces a rigid output pattern at the average rate, no matter how bursty the [input] traffic is".[10] However, this assertion is only strictly true as long as the queue does not become empty: if the average arrival rate is less than the rate of clock ticks, or if the input is sufficiently bursty that the losses bring the rate of the remainder below the clock tick rate (i.e. gaps in the input stream are long enough and the queue is small enough that it can become empty), there will be gaps in the output stream.  A further restriction is that the leaky bucket as a queue traffic shaping function only transmits packets on the ticks, hence, if it is used within a network, equivalent to UPC and NPC, it also imposes a fixed phase on the onward transmission of packets. Whereas, when using a leaky bucket meter to control onward transmission, a packet is transmitted as soon as it conforms, i.e. relative to the previous one or, if it already conforms, its arrival time, not according to some arbitrary local clock. Perversely, in the context of the transfer delay, this imposition of a fixed phase that may, over time, differ from that of an otherwise conforming input packet stream, constitutes a delay variation and hence a jitter. Jitter caused in this particular way could only be observed where the delay is measured as the transit time between two separate measurement points, one either side of the leaky bucket as a queue shaping function. However, in the context of real-time data transmissions, it is this end-to-end delay that determines the latency of received data. Hence, the leaky bucket as a queue is unsuitable for traffic shaping real-time transmissions.  Limiting variable length packets using the leaky bucket algorithm as a queue is significantly more complicated than it is for fixed length packets. Tanenbaum gives a description of a "byte-counting" leaky bucket for variable length packets as follows: "At each tick, a counter is initialized to n. If the first packet on the queue has fewer bytes than the current value of the counter, it is transmitted, and the counter is decremented by that number of bytes. Additional packets may also be sent, as long as the counter is high enough. When the counter drops below the length of the next packet on the queue, transmission stops until the next tick, at which time the residual byte count is reset [to n] and the flow can continue".[2] As with the version for fixed length packets, this implementation has a strong effect on the phase of transmissions, resulting in variable end-to-end delays, and unsuitability for real-time traffic shaping.  The leaky bucket as a queue can only be used in shaping traffic to a specified bandwidth with no jitter in the output.[10] It may be used within the network, e.g. as part of bandwidth management, but is more appropriate to traffic shaping in the network interfaces of hosts. Leaky bucket algorithm is used in Nginx's ngx_http_limit_conn_module module for limiting the number of concurrent connections originating from a single IP address.[11]  In the case of the leaky bucket algorithm as a queue, the only defined limit for this algorithm is the bandwidth of its output.[10][note 2]  The bandwidth limit for the connection may be specified in a traffic contract. A bandwidth limit may be specified as a packet or frame rate, a byte or bit rate, or as an emission interval between the packets.  The implementation of the leaky-bucket as a queue does not use available network resources efficiently. Because it transmits packets only at fixed intervals, there will be many instances when the traffic volume is very low and large portions of network resources (bandwidth in particular) are not being used. Therefore no mechanism exists in the leaky-bucket implementation as a queue to allow individual flows to burst up to port speed, effectively consuming network resources at times when there would not be resource contention in the network. Implementations of the token bucket and leaky bucket as a meter do, however, allow output traffic flows to have bursty characteristics.   Analysis of the two versions of the leaky bucket algorithm shows that the version as a queue is a special case of the version as a meter.  Imagine a traffic shaping function for fixed length packets that is implemented using a fixed length queue, forming a delay element, which is serviced using a leaky bucket as a meter. Imagine also that the bucket in this meter has a depth equal to the amount added by a packet, i.e. has a limit value, τ, of zero. However, the conformance test is only performed at intervals of the emission interval, when the packet at the head of the queue is transmitted and its water is added. This water then leaks away during the next emission interval (or is removed just prior to performing the next conformance test), allowing the next packet to conform then or at some subsequent emission interval. The service function can also be viewed in terms of a token bucket with the same depth, where enough tokens for one packet are added (if the bucket is not full) at the emission intervals. This implementation will then receive packets with a bursty arrival pattern (limited by the queue depth) and transmit them on at intervals that are always exact (integral) multiples of the emission interval.  However, the implementation of the leaky bucket as a meter (or token bucket) in a traffic shaping function described above is an exact equivalent to the description of the leaky bucket as a queue:[2] the delay element of the meter version is the bucket of the queue version, the bucket of the meter version is the process that services the queue, and the leak is such that the emission interval is the same as the tick interval. Therefore for fixed length packets, the implementation of the leaky bucket as a queue is of a special case of a traffic shaping function using a leaky bucket (or token bucket) as a meter in which the limit value, τ, is zero and the process of testing conformance is performed at the lowest possible rate.  The leaky bucket as a queue for variable packet lengths can also be described as equivalent to a special case of the leaky bucket as a meter. The suggested implementation[2] can, like the fixed length implementation, be seen as traffic shaping function in which the queue is a delay element, rather than the bucket, and the function that services the queue is, in this case, explicitly given as a token bucket: it is decremented for conforming packets and incremented at a fixed rate. Hence, as the leaky bucket as a meter and token bucket are equivalent, the leaky bucket as a queue for variable packet lengths is also a special case of a traffic shaping function using a leaky bucket (or token bucket) as a meter.  There is an interesting consequence of seeing the leaky bucket as a queue for variable packet lengths as a specific implementation of the token bucket or leaky bucket as a meter in traffic shaping. This is that the bucket of the meter has a depth, n, and, as is always the case with the token bucket, this depth determines the burstiness of the output traffic (perhaps in relation to the average or minimum number of tokens required by the packets). Hence, it is possible to quantify the burstiness of the output of this "byte counting" leaky bucket as a meter, unless all packets are of the maximum length when it becomes pointless. However, this ability to define a burstiness for the output is in direct contradiction to the statement that the leaky bucket (as a queue) necessarily gives an output with a rigid rate, no matter how bursty the input.  A fixed capacity bucket, associated with each virtual connection or user, leaks at a fixed rate. If the bucket is empty, it stops leaking. For a packet to conform, it has to be possible to add a specific amount of water to the bucket: The specific amount added by a conforming packet can be the same for all packets or can be proportional to the length of the packet. If this amount of water would cause the bucket to exceed its capacity then the packet does not conform and the water in the bucket is left unchanged. A token is added to the bucket every 1/r seconds. The bucket can hold at the most b tokens. If a token arrives when the bucket is full, it is discarded. When a packet (network layer PDU) [sic][note 1] of "n" bytes arrives, n tokens are removed from the bucket, and the packet is sent to the network. If fewer than n tokens are available, no tokens are removed from the bucket, and the packet is considered to be non-conformant. A fixed capacity bucket, associated with each virtual connection or user, leaks at a fixed rate. If the bucket is empty, it stops leaking. For a packet to conform, it has to be possible to add a specific amount of water to the bucket: The specific amount added by a conforming packet can be the same for all packets, or can be proportional to the length of the packet. If this amount of water would cause the bucket to exceed its capacity then the packet does not conform and the water in the bucket is left unchanged. Fluid queue Generic cell rate algorithm Token bucket Traffic contract UPC and NPC"
Procol Harum – In Concert with the Danish National Concert Orchestra and Choir;"   In Concert with the Danish National Concert Orchestra and Choir, by Procol Harum, is a live album released 2009. It was recorded in Ledreborg Castle in Denmark.  This album is also noteworthy because it contains a song that Procol Harum have never released before - "Symphathy [sic] for the Hard of Hearing". This is a song about the Second World War that was previously on Gary Brooker's solo album "Lead Me to the Water". The Rest Tracks are from the DVD, but not on the CD. The CD has 10 Songs, but the track list here is from DVD.  https://www.discogs.com/de/Procol-Harum-In-Concert-With-The-Danish-National-Concert-Orchestra-Choir/release/4777449 - Information for DVD    This 2000s progressive rock album-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. "Grand Hotel" (Gary Brooker, Keith Reid) - 7:21 "Something Magic" (Brooker, Reid) - 4:00 "Butterfly Boys" (Gary Brooker, Keith Reid) - 4:48 (DVD Track) "Homburg" (Brooker, Reid) - 5:00 "The VIP Room" (Brooker, Reid) - 4:43 (DVD Track) "Fires (Which Burnt Brightly)" (Brooker, Reid) - 5:55 "Nothing But the Truth"  (Brooker, Reid) - 3:51 (DVD Track) "Into the Flood" (Brooker, Noble, Reid) - 5:54 "Simple Sister"(Brooker, Reid) - 4:48 (DVD Track) "A Salty Dog" (Brooker, Reid) - 6:30 "An Old English Dream" (Brooker, Reid) - 5:14 (DVD Track) "Symphathy for the Hard of Hearing" (Brooker) - 8:10 "A Whiter Shade of Pale" (Brooker, Matthew Fisher, Reid) - 8:47 "Whaling Stories" (Brooker, Reid) - 10:15 "Conquistador" (Brooker, Reid) - 5:20 Gary Brooker - piano and vocals Mark Brzezicki- drums Matt Pegg - bass guitar Josh Phillips - organ Geoff Whitehorn - guitar Keith Reid - lyrics"
Miralie;"   Miralie is a locality in the Rural City of Swan Hill, Victoria, Australia. Miralie Train Station is a grain station on the Piangil railway line.[2][3] Miralie post office opened on 11 March 1925 and was closed on 22 July 1925.[4]      This article about a location in the Mallee is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Cosmopterix ancistraea;"   Cosmopterix ancistraea is a moth in the family Cosmopterigidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1913. It is found in South Africa.[1]  The wingspan is about 10 mm (0.39 in). The forewings are bronzy blackish with a silvery-white subcostal line from the base, not nearly reaching the band, inclined downwards posteriorly. There is a silvery-white median line from the base almost to a projection of the band, as well as a white subdorsal line from one-fourth to the projection of the band. The dorsal edge is white from the base to one-third of the wing and the costal edge is shortly white before the band. There is a rather broad light ochreous-yellowish median band, somewhat narrowed dorsally, the anterior edge marked with two golden-metallic spots, the upper wholly anterior to the lower, followed by a black dot, the edge forming a projection between these, the posterior edge marked with two opposite golden-metallic spots, the lower preceded by a black speck, between these suffusedly projecting and giving rise to a white streak which soon becomes terminal and runs to the apex. The hindwings are light grey.[2]    This article relating to Cosmopterix is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
McHale's Navy (disambiguation);" McHale's Navy is an American sitcom starring Ernest Borgnine that aired from 1962 to 1966.  McHale's Navy may also refer to:  McHale's Navy (1964 film) McHale's Navy (1997 film) McHale's Navy Joins the Air Force, a 1965 film based on the television series"
Kilobot;" The Kilobot is a 3.3 cm tall low-cost swarm robot[1] developed by Radhika Nagpal and Michael Rubenstein at Harvard University. They can act in groups, up to a thousand, to execute commands programmed by users that could not be executed by individual robots. A problem with research on robot collectives is that the cost of individual units is high. The Kilobot's total cost of parts is under $15. In addition to low cost, it has applications such as collective transport, human-swarm interaction, and shape self-assembly.[2]  During November 2010, Michael Rubenstein and Radhika Nagpal began the development of the Kilobot with the support of the Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering and the National Science Foundation. The two primary objectives of the Kilobot's design were to keep the cost low while having enough functionality to perform an array of collective tasks. One of the developer's goals was to allow the Kilobot to run the program S-DASH:  S-DASH (scalable, distributed self-assembly and self-healing) is an algorithm developed to self-assemble and self-heal a collective shape.[3] S-DASH requires these capabilities:  To increase the applications of the Kilobot, the following additional components were included:   The power source is a rechargeable lithium-ion battery that can power the robot for up to 3–12 hours depending upon how active the robot is. They are equipped with a three color (red, green, and blue) LED which displays information to the user. While wheels are effective at movement, they are expensive,  which substantially increases the cost of each unit. One way the cost was lowered was using two vibrators for movement. When either is activated, the Kilobot turns at about 45° per second. When both are activated, the robot moves forward at about 1 cm/s. The robot stands on 3 rigid legs, which elevates the robot 2 cm above the surface. The individual robots are equipped with an infrared transmitter and receiver so that they can communicate with each other. The transmitter of a robot sends light toward the surface which reflects up to the receiver of another nearby robot, which then executes a command based on the program.  Some drawbacks of these methods of communication and movement are: the area on which the Kilobot works is limited to flat surfaces and the inability to move precisely over long distances or over an extended period of time.[4]  In theory, the Kilobot is meant to simulate swarms of insects, in that each Kilobot works with the whole to perform tasks that would not work on an individual level. The Kilobots are capable of collective transport, which is the movement of a large object by working together. Kilobot collectives can also form different shapes using S-DASH and repair them should it be distorted. Depending on the shape, they may also be able to change its scale. With one program, they simulated insects by starting from a "home" location, which was a certain stationary Kilobot, and scatter around the area in search of "food", which was another stationary Kilobot. When a searching Kilobot found the "food", it traveled back to the "home" location to drop it off. Another program caused a group of robots to travel in a line while following a leader robot. The robots made sure that they wouldn't travel too far ahead so that the following robots would not fall behind. Using their sensors, they also have the ability to synchronize their behavior, such as blinking their lights. By using an overhead infrared controller and the infrared receivers, a user can do scalable operations. This means they don't have to go to each individual robot to do simple tasks such as charging, programming, and start-up.[4]  The Kilobot placed first in the roaming category of the 2012 African Robotics Network $10 Robot Design Challenge, which asked engineers to create low-cost robots for educating children in developing countries.[5] The Kilobot was created for the purpose of making a cheap swarm-bot more affordable to the general public. To continue with this mindset, the Kilobots' design has been made open-source for non-commercial use. Also, the developers cooperated with the K-team, a Swiss manufacturer, so that they can be purchased publicly for educational or research purposes.  Forward movement Rotation Communication with nearby units Measure the distance between nearby units Enough memory to run S-DASH The ability to measure ambient light levels Allow for scalable operations"
Muhammad Quraish Shihab;" Muhammad Quraish Shihab (Arabic: محمّد قريش شهاب, Muḥammad Qurayš Šihāb, February 16, 1944) is an Indonesian Arab-Bugis Muslim scholar in the sciences of the Qur'an, an author, an Academic Scholar, and former Minister of Religious Affairs in the Fourth Development Cabinet (1998). He is the older brother of the former Coordinating Minister for People's Welfare, Alwi Shihab.  Quraish was born in Lotassalo, Rappang, on February 16, 1944. His father was Abdurrahman Shihab, an Islamic scholar and professor at State Institute of Islamic Sciences and his mother was Asma Aburisyi. Quraish is the fourth son of twelve siblings. His three older siblings, Nur, Ali (d) and Umar, and two younger siblings, Wardah and Alwi Shihab, were also born in Rappang. Seven other siblings namely Nina, Sida, Nizar, Abdul Muthalib, Salwa and twin sister Ulfa and Latifah, were born in the village of Buton.[2]  Quraish Shihab, called Bang Odes by his younger siblings,[3] is an Arab Indonesian of Ba 'Alawi sada family, where his family lineage traces back to Muhammad, the prophet of Islam.[4] In addition to Arab, he is also of Bugis descent.[5]  Quraish married Fatmawaty Assegaf on February 2, 1975 in Surakarta. From the marriage, they have four daughters (Najelaa, Najwa, Nasywa, Nahla) and one son, Ahmad.  After completing his early education in Ujung Pandang, Quraish continued his secondary education in Malang, which he did while at the Dar al-Hadith Al-Faqihiyyah boarding school under guidance of Habib Abdul Qadir Bilfaqih.[3]  In 1958 he went to Cairo, Egypt, and Admitted to 2nd grade in Al-Thanawiya (middle school level) at Al-Azhar. In 1967, he earned an LC (Bachelor's degree) from the Department of Tafsir and Hadith, the faculty of Islamic Theology in Al-Azhar University. He continued his education at the same faculty in 1969 and earned master's degree in Tafseer of the Qur'an with the thesis entitled Al-I'jaz Tashri'i li Al-Qur-an Al-Karim.[6]  Upon returning to Makassar, Quraish served as the Vice Rector for Academic and Student Affairs at IAIN Alauddin, Ujung Pandang. In addition, he was also entrusted with other positions, both for academic positions such as the Coordinator of Private Higher Education Region VII in Eastern Indonesia, and non-academic positions such as the Assistant Police Chief of Eastern Indonesia in the field of mental development. While in Makassar, he also had time to do some researches. Some of his papers were "Implementation Harmony Religious Life in Eastern Indonesia" (1975) and "Problems Endowments South Sulawesi" (1978).[2]  In 1980, Quraish Shihab returned to Cairo and continued his education at his old alma mater. In 1982 he earned his doctorate in the sciences of the Qur'an with the dissertation studying the method of al-Biqa'i (al-Biqa'i is a scholar of exegesis from Damascus in the 15th century[7]) entitled The Research and Study of The Pearls System of al-Biqa'i ( Arabic: نظم الدرر للبقاعي – تحقيق ودراسة, romanized: Naẓami Al-Durar li al-Biqā'iy - tahqīq wa Dirāsah),[8] where he graduated summa cum laude with first class honors (Arabic: ممتاز مع مرتبة الشرف العول, romanized: Mumtāz ma'a Martabat al-Sharaf al-'Ula).  In 1984 Quraish was assigned as a lecturer in the Ushuluddin faculty and postgraduate faculty at IAIN Syarif Hidayatullah, Jakarta. He was entrusted to positions at various departments: among others, the co-chairman of Indonesian Ulema Council (MUI) (since 1984), member of Lajnah Pentashih Qur'an at the Department of Religious Affairs (since 1989) and member of the Advisory Board of National Education (since 1989).  Quraish Shihab is also heavily involved in several professional organizations, he is a member of the Shari'ah Science Society, member of the Consortium of the Religions at the Ministry of Education and Culture, and is the Assistant Chief of the General Association of Indonesian Muslim Intellectuals (ICMI).[2]  Quraish was appointed as Indonesian Minister of Religious Affairs in 1998 for about two months, and later appointed as The Indonesian Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Ambassador to Egypt and accredited to Djibouti in Cairo from 1999 to 2002.  Quraish has written since he was twenty two years old, with his first book was 60-pages book written in Arabic titled Al- Khawathir published in Egypt.[3] He has written more than 30 books.  Among them are:[9]  In addition to writing, he gives lectures in Islam-related programs at some television stations. Some popular programs, among other Kultum and Hikmah Fajar on RCTI, and Tafsir Al Mishbah in MetroTV.  Quraish has been mentioned as one of 500 the most influential Muslims in the world in 2012 to 2015 by the Royal Islamic Strategic Studies Centre, a research entity affiliated with the Royal Aal al-Bayt Institute for Islamic Thought headquartered in Amman, Jordan.[12] In 2009, he received the Islamic Book Fair (IBF) Award for his works in writing best-seller books.[13] He received Lifetime Achievement Award in the same year from the Department of Islamic Theology of the Islamic State University of Jakarta on November 12, 2009.[14]  Quraish Shihab issues some fatwas which are considered controversial or too liberal by many Muslims in Indonesia.  In 1993 and again on December 6 of 2003, he issued a fatwa allowing Muslims to say Merry Christmas to the Christians and published on the Republika daily-newspaper.[15]  Around the year 2006, he wrote a book titled "Jilbab Pakaian Wanita Muslimah" expressing his long held but controversial view that it is not obligatory for women to wear the hijab (veil), which clashed with opinions of many Islamic scholars. In the book he concludes that the verses in the Quran related to women's clothing have various interpretations, and said the legal provisions on the tolerable limit of female's aurah is zhanniy or a conjecture.[16]  In the program Tafsir Al-Misbah on Metro-TV broadcast on July 12, 2014, Quraish Shihab was accused of saying that Prophet Muhammad does not receive a guarantee from Allah to enter paradise[citation needed]. However, he made a clarification[citation needed] saying that he never said that, and he stated a sahih hadith stating that Prophet Muhammad was given a guarantee to go to heaven because of Allah's mercy.  Abdurrahman Shihab (father) Asma Aburisy (mother) Tafsir Al-Manar: privileges and disadvantages (Ujung Pandang: IAIN Alauddin, 1984) Filsafat Hukum Islam (The Philosophy of Islamic Laws) (Jakarta: Department of Religion, 1987), Mahkota Tuntunan Ilahi (The Crown of Divine Guidance, a book on The Exegesis of Surah Al-Fatihah) (Jakarta: Untagma, 1988) Membumikan al-Qur'an (Earthing the Quran) (Bandung: Mizan, 1992). This book is one of the Best Seller that has sold for more than 75 thousand copies. Lentera Hati: Kisah dan Hikmah Kehidupan (Lantern of Heart: The Story and Lessons of Life) in 1994 (with multiple reprinted editions)[10] Tafsir Al-Mishbah, a 15-volumes complete (30 juz) exegesis of the Qur'an (Jakarta: Lentera Hati) Wawasan Al-Qur'an: Tafsir Tematik Atas Pelbagai Persoalan Ummat (The insights of Koran: The thematic interpretation of various questions)[11] Kaidah Tafsir (The Principles of Exegesis) (Lentera Hati, 2013), a book about methodologies and principles of Qur'anic interpretation. M. Quraish Shihab Menjawab pertanyaan Anak tentang Islam (Quraish Shihab Answering Children's questions about Islam) (Lentera Hati, 2014)"
Manjina There;"   Manjina There (Kannada: ಮಂಜಿನ ತೆರೆ) is a 1980 Indian Kannada film, directed by Bangalore Nagesh and produced by K. R. Narayana Murthy. The film stars Srinath, Manjula, Thoogudeepa Srinivas and Dinesh in the lead roles. The film has musical score by Upendra Kumar.[1][2]  The music was composed by Upendra Kumar.[3]    This article about a Kannada film of the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. 19 April 1980 (1980-04-19) Srinath Manjula Thoogudeepa Srinivas Dinesh Shakti Prasad Chethan Ramrao Narasimharaju Sampath Vajramuni Shashikala Mamatha Shenoy Saroja Rajakumari Vathsala Raghunath Thipatur Siddaramaiah"
Point of Impact;" The point of impact is the point to where a munition such as a bullet or artillery shell is delivered: see Ballistic impact.  Point of Impact may refer to:  Point of Impact (Stephen Hunter novel), 1993 Point of Impact, a 2001 novel in the Tom Clancy's Net Force series written by Steve Perry Point of Impact, a 1985 romance novel by Emma Darcy Point of Impact (comics), a comic by Jay Faerber and Koray Kuranel Point of Impact (film), a 1993 film starring Michael Paré and Barbara Carrera Burnout 2: Point of Impact, a 2002-2003 video game in the Burnout series "Point of Impact" (CSI: Miami), a 2009 episode of CSI: Miami"
James Mills Storehouse;" James Mills Storehouse, also known as the Old Tobacco Warehouse, is a historic store located at Urbanna, Middlesex County, Virginia. It was built between 1763 and 1767, and is a 1 1/2-story, rectangular brick structure on a raised brick basement.  It has a gable roof and full width front porch. It is a rare if not unique survivor of the type of storehouse which, being run by a resident factor of a British company, was not only connected with the sale of tobacco but which housed imported goods to be bought on credit by the planters.[3]  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.[1]    This article about a property in Middlesex County, Virginia on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Catheux;" Catheux (French pronunciation: ​[katø]) is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.    This Oise geographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Communes of the Oise department"
James Webb Young;" James Webb Young (1886-1973) was an American advertising executive at J. Walter Thompson who became First Chairman of The Advertising Council.[1]  He was inducted in the American Advertising Federation Hall of Fame.  Young received many honors and awards including the Advertising Man of the Year Award in 1946.[1]    This article about an American businessperson born in the 1880s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. The Diary of an Ad Man. How To Become An Advertising Man. A Technique For Producing Ideas."
1977 Volta a Catalunya;" The 1977 Volta a Catalunya was the 57th edition of the Volta a Catalunya cycle race and was held from 7 to 14 September 1977. The race started and finished in Sitges.[2] The race was won by Freddy Maertens of the Flandria–Velda–Latina Assicurazioni team.  This Volta a Catalunya race article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Grasshopper (film);" Grasshopper (グラスホッパー) is a 2015 Japanese revenge thriller film directed by Tomoyuki Takimoto and starring Toma Ikuta, Tadanobu Asano and Hey! Say! JUMP member, Ryosuke Yamada.[2] It was released in Japan on November 7, 2015.[3][4] It is based on the 2004 novel of the same name by Kōtarō Isaka, the first novel in his Hitman trilogy. An American adaptation of the second novel, Bullet Train, was released in 2022.  After the death of his girlfriend, Suzuki (Ikuta Toma) takes on a job working for the underground. Suzuki is quickly caught up in a cat and mouse game between two groups of underground workers. Caught up in the game, alongside him, are Kujira (Tadanobu Asano) and Semi (Ryosuke Yamada) who are both deadly killers.  Principal photography began on 7 July 2014.  The film grossed ¥192 million on its opening weekend.[5] By its third weekend, it had grossed ¥675 million.[1]  This article related to a Japanese film of the 2010s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This article about a 2010s thriller film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. November 7, 2015 (2015-11-07) Toma Ikuta as Suzuki Tadanobu Asano as Kujira Ryosuke Yamada as Semi Haru as Yuriko Kumiko Asō as Sumire Nanao as Hiyoko Hidetaka Yoshioka as Asagao Renji Ishibashi as Terahara Jun Murakami as Iwanishi Ryudo Uzaki as Kujira's Father Norihito Kaneko as Terahara's son Manami Satukawa as young Girl Hako Yamasaki as Momo"
The Madwoman of Chaillot (film);"   The Madwoman of Chaillot is a 1969 American satirical film made by Commonwealth United Entertainment and distributed by Warner Bros.-Seven Arts.[1] It was directed by Bryan Forbes and produced by Ely A. Landau with Anthony B. Unger as associate producer.[2] The screenplay was by Edward Anhalt, based on The Madwoman of Chaillot, Maurice Valency's adaption of La Folle de Chaillot by Jean Giraudoux.[1] The music score was by Michael J. Lewis and the cinematography by Burnett Guffey and Claude Renoir.[3] It was shot at the Victorine Studios in Nice and on location in Paris. The film's sets were designed by the art director Ray Simm.  The film stars Katharine Hepburn with Paul Henreid, Oskar Homolka, Yul Brynner, Richard Chamberlain, Edith Evans and Donald Pleasence.[4]  A musical version of the play titled Dear World with music and lyrics by Jerry Herman, and starring Angela Lansbury, opened with little success on Broadway in 1969.[5][6]  The story is of a modern society endangered by power and greed and the rebellion of the "little people" against corrupt and soulless authority.  A group of four prominent men – The General (Paul Henreid), The Commissar (Oskar Homolka), The Chairman (Yul Brynner) and The Prospector (Donald Pleasence) – discuss how they can increase their fortunes. The Prospector tells them that there is oil in the middle of Paris and they resolve to acquire the rights with or without the consent of the people of Paris. Countess Aurelia (Katharine Hepburn), the "madwoman" of the title, learns of this plan to drill for oil under the very streets of her district from Roderick (Richard Chamberlain) – an activist – and The Ragpicker (Danny Kaye). She enlists the help of her friends, a motley crew of "little people" who include, Constance (Margaret Leighton) and Gabrielle (Giulietta Masina). A trial takes place in the Countess's cellar presided over by Aurelia's friend Josephine (Edith Evans) as judge and the Ragpicker as the lawyer for the defense.[7]  The film had its premiere at The Plaza in New York City on Sunday, October 12, 1969.[8]  In The New York Times, Vincent Canby wrote "Forbes, who persists in making conventional films of unconventional properties ("Whistle Down The Wind", "The Wrong Box") moves his cameras around quite a lot, but there is really little he can do to hide the fact that "The Madwoman of Chaillot" is—as it was 20 years ago—an incredibly precious theatrical conceit, just the sort of thing somebody might think would make a great Broadway musical comedy. As we all know, it didn't."[9]  October 12, 1969 (1969-10-12) Katharine Hepburn – Countess Aurelia, the Madwoman of Chaillot Charles Boyer – The Broker Claude Dauphin  – Dr. Jadin Margaret Leighton – Constance Edith Evans – Josephine John Gavin  – The Reverend Giulietta Masina  – Gabrielle Paul Henreid  – The General Oskar Homolka  – The Commissar Nanette Newman  – Irma Richard Chamberlain  – Roderick Yul Brynner  – The Chairman Donald Pleasence  – The Prospector Danny Kaye  – The Ragpicker Fernand Gravey  – Police sergeant Gordon Heath  – The Folksinger Gerald Sim  – Julius Gilles Ségal  – Deaf Mute List of American films of 1969"
Willow Lake (Marshallville, Georgia);" Willow Lake, in Macon County, Georgia near Marshallville, Georgia, is a historic house built in 1875–80.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.  The listing included five contributing buildings on 960 acres (3.9 km2).[1]  It was here where Samuel H. Rumph developed the Elberta peach.  It was his home until 1904 when he moved into town.[2]  The Willow Lake Nursery had over 65,000 trees.[2]  This article about a property in Georgia on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Melody Beattie;" Melody Beattie is an American author of self-help books on codependent relationships.  Born Melody Vaillancourt in Minneapolis, Beattie graduated from high school with honors. She began drinking at age 12, was an alcoholic by age 13, and a drug addict by 18.[1]  Beattie published 18 books including Codependent No More, Beyond Codependency, The Language of Letting Go and Make Miracles in Forty Days: Turning What You Have into What You Want, published in 2010. Several of her books have been published in other languages.  Beattie, along with Janet G. Woititz and Robin Norwood, were popularizers of science, helping to digest and explain the work of psychiatrist Timmen L. Cermak, author of Diagnosing and Treating Co-Dependence.[2] Beattie popularized the concept of codependency in 1986 with Codependent No More, which sold eight million copies.[3]  Codependent No More was published by the Hazelden Foundation[4]  Beattie's early works also served as the first the Big Book for a 12-Step program called Co-Dependents Anonymous. Although "CoDA" now has a conference-approved (official) '"the Big Book" of its own, Beattie's works continue to be central texts in some CoDA meetings.[5] "
Saattorsuaq Island;" Saattorsuaq Island (old spelling: Sâtorssuaq) is a small, uninhabited island in Avannaata municipality in northwestern Greenland.  The island was inhabited between 1881 and 1957, when a small Saattoq village of several families was scattered between the island, and the Saattoq skerry just off the northern coast.[1]  Saattorsuaq Island is located in Tasiusaq Bay, in the north-central part of Upernavik Archipelago. The island is separated from Nuuluk Island in the northeast, Aappilattoq Island in the southwest, Nutaarmiut Island in the west, and Qallunaat Island in the northwest by the inner waterways of Tasiusaq Bay.[2]  This Greenland location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
J Rabbit;" J Rabbit (제이레빗) is a South Korean acoustic pop female duo under the label friendz.net. They debuted on November 27, 2010 with the single "Take One".[1] The group's name is derived from combining the letter ‘J’ from their matching surname ‘Jung’ and the year of the rabbit, 1987, which they were both born in.[2]  J Rabbit has a unique style focusing on creating music for everyone no matter their age and aiming to console people with their music.[5] Their songs are light hearted, relaxing, and up-beat while using unique instruments like bells, xylophones, violins, cellos, and melodeon accordions. An editor working with Seoulbeats, Leslie Tumbaco mentions "They have such a keen understanding of the basics of music, which makes their stripped-down melodies so magnetic".[6] Along with the light hearted songs their performances are very light hearted and fun as well, drawing in audiences and attention with their personalities.  Birthdate:  (1987-09-23) September 23, 1987 (age 35) Lead vocals Graduate of Seoul Institute of the Arts[3] Birthdate:  (1987-06-10) June 10, 1987 (age 35) Instruments, songwriter [4] Graduate of Seoul Institute of the Arts[3] Released: March 4, 2011 (KOR) Formats: CD, digital download Released: April 25, 2012 Formats: CD, digital download Released: November 30, 2012 Formats: digital download Released: June 19, 2014 Formats: CD, digital download Released: May 3, 2016 Formats: CD, digital download Released: November 30, 2018 Formats: CD, digital download Released: May 10, 2019 Formats: CD, digital download Winter Wonderland White Christmas & Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree Sleigh Ride Don't Save It All For Christmas Day Oh Holy Night September"
Harvey Davis;"   Harvey Davis (born 4 March 1953) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Victorian Football League (now known as the Australian Football League).[2]  This Australian rules football biography of a person born in the 1950s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Pirozhki;" Pirozhki[6] (Russian: пирожки́, tr. pirožkí, IPA: [pʲɪrɐʂˈkʲi], plural form of pirozhok, Ukrainian: пиріжки, pyrizhky) are Russian and Ukrainian baked or fried yeast-leavened boat-shaped buns with a variety of fillings.[7][8] Pirozhki are a popular street food and comfort food in Eastern Europe.[9]  The stress in pirozhki is on the last syllable: [pʲɪrɐʂˈkʲi]. Pirozhok[10] (Russian: пирожо́к, tr. pirožók, IPA: [pʲɪrɐˈʐok] (listen), singular) is the diminutive form of Russian pirog, which means a full-sized pie.[11] Pirozhki are not to be confused with the Polish pierogi (a cognate term), which are called varenyky in Ukrainian and Russian.  A typical pirozhok is boat- or rarely crescent-shaped, made of yeast-leavened dough, with filling completely enclosed. Similar Russian pastries (pirogs) of other shapes include coulibiac, kalitka, rasstegai, and vatrushka.  Pirozhki are either fried or baked. They come in sweet or savory varieties. Common savory fillings include ground meat, mashed potato, mushrooms, boiled egg with scallions, or cabbage. Typical sweet fillings are fruit (apple, cherry, apricot, lemon), jam, or quark.  Baked pirozhki may be glazed with egg to produce golden color. Also they may be decorated with strips of dough.  Pirozhki are usually hand-sized. A smaller version may be served with soups.  Varieties of pirozhki were brought to the Americas by Volga Germans. Known today as bierock, pirok or runza, they belong to several regional cuisines in the United States, Canada and Argentina.  The populous Russian diaspora which came to the Americas as a consequence of the Russian Revolution and Civil War brought with them the more classic Russian versions of piroshki.  The Greek variety piroski (Greek: πιροσκί) is popular in parts of Greece, as brought by Pontic Greeks, and in most big cities, where they are sold as a type of fast food.[citation needed] The Greek piroskia come fried with many different stuffings.[12]  In Serbia the local variety are cylindrical pastries called пирошка/piroška (piroshka). They are stuffed with fillings such as ground spiced meat mix of pork and veal or cottage cheese, and with kulen, tomato sauce and herbs. Alternatively they are made from breaded crepes with variety of fillings.  In Latvia crescent-shaped buns of leavened dough called speķrauši (literally, "fatback tarts") or speķa pīrāgi (often referred to in diminutive speķa pīrādziņi or colloquially simply pīrāgi or pīrādziņi) are traditionally filled with smoked fatback and onion. Other fillings are also possible.[13] However the name pīrāgi is not exclusive to these buns, but can refer to variety of other pastries, such as pies and turnovers. Pīrāgi were often eaten as lunch by farmers and shepherds working the fields.  Estonians (and Finns) too have this tradition. The pirukad or saiakesed are fairly small in size and have regional variations in respect to fillings. They are usually made with puff pastry. Open pies covering the scale of whole baking tray are also popular, more similar to American pies. Many recipes exist, with meat, cabbage, carrots, rice, egg and other fillings and filling mixtures also being used. Sweet fillings are as popular as savory pirukad with fillings like apple, various berries, marzipan, various spices and jam.  The Russian variant of pirozhki is a common fast food in Armenia and Azerbaijan. In Armenia it often contains a potato or seasoned meat filling. In Azerbaijan it is usually made with jam, mashed potatoes, or ground beef.  Pirozhki are common as fast food on the streets of the Central Asian countries in Kazakhstan, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan, Kyrgyzstan, Mongolia, where they were introduced by the Russians.  They are also made by many Russians and non-Russians at home.  The Finnish version is the similar lihapiirakka, a popular street food made with donut dough, minced meat and rice.  The Iranian version, pirashki (Persian: پیراشکی pirāški), is often consumed as a dessert or as a street food. It is commonly filled with pastry cream, but potato and meat fillings are also available.  A Japanese version, called ピロシキ (piroshiki), are predominantly fried, use fillings such as ground meat, boiled egg, bean noodles, and spring onion, and are commonly breaded with panko before frying, in the manner of Japanese menchi-katsu. Another popular variation is filled with Japanese curry and is quite similar to karē-pan, which is itself said to be inspired by pirozhki.  Pirozhki is also very common as fast food in Mongolia, and it is made throughout the country by families at home.    Media: Pirozhki Banitsa Börek Bougatsa Cantiq Chiburekki Coulibiac Empanadas Fatayer Knish Lihapiirakka List of Russian dishes Pasty Peremech Pierogi Pogača Samosas Turnover (food) Uchpuchmak Vatrushka"
Santanu Bhattacharya (data scientist);"   Santanu Bhattacharya is the Chief Technologist of NatWest Group, a visiting professor at Indian Institute of Science.[1] and a collaborating scientist at the Camera Culture Group, MIT Media Lab.[2] He is a serial entrepreneur and has worked for NASA and Facebook in the past.[3]  Santanu was born in the remote sub-Himalayan part of Northeast India.[4] After graduating high-school, he studied at Indian Institute of Technology Bombay before moving to the United States for graduate school.[5]  Santanu received his PhD from University of Maryland, College Park and NASA Goddard Space Flight Center where he published several papers on a new class of superconducting infrared detectors.[6][7]  Following the academic experience, Santanu pursued an entrepreneurial path in data and automation at OriginLab. Santanu then led LIMS product development at Beckman Instruments and AT Kearney to pursue management consulting with several marquee clients such as Gillette, Pepsi, BMW and Goldman Sachs.[8][9]  In 2004 he joined AOL-Time Warner, then a leading internet company where the B2C internet users spend most time every day. Santanu led the creation of the Analytics Solution Centre, a global team of over 200 data scientists, online advertising experts and engineers who build foundational technologies around AOL’s contextual and behavioural advertising targeting platforms.[10][11]  In 2008, Santanu started Salorix, a Silicon Valley based startup, to build an AI platform to help global brands find the social media updates that are worth responding to, a "needle in a haystack" problem.[12] Salorix’s flagship product Amplfy enabled global brands to monetize social media campaigns by analyzing real-time social conversations and ranking the most effective engaging audience.[13]  In 2014, he joined Facebook where he led Emerging Market Products functions that used data-driven technology to build new products for emerging user growth.[14]  From 2015-2017, Santanu served as Senior Vice President, Technology and Products at Delhivery India’s largest third-party eCommerce logistics that went IPO in 2022.[15][16][17][18] In 2018, he was appointed as the Chief Data Scientist of Airtel, world’s second largest telco with 450 million subscribers in 18 countries.[19][20][21][22]  At the 2020 World Economic Forum in Davos, Santanu talked about his philosophy of solving "India Class" data problems that serve as a template for the rest of the world.[23] According to his talks and writings on the topic, "India Class" problems are defined as being at the crossroad of exploding amount of private data (unstructured, incomplete, incorrect), nascent consumer behaviour with "switchers" who exchange or try out others phones, apps, expectations for software or services being free and relatively limited amount of public data on addresses, population, migration, income etc.[2][24]  The rapid growth of COVID-19 led to an unprecedented response globally. Santanu was appointed as a member of the COVID-19 Mobility Data Network at Harvard University to "provide daily updates to decision-makers at the state and local levels on how well social distancing interventions are working." The team consisted of infectious disease epidemiologists and scientists working in partnership with tech companies to use aggregated mobility data in support of the COVID-19 response.[25] "
Giru of Baekje;" Giru of Baekje (died 128, r. 77–128) was the third king of Baekje, one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea.  He was the eldest son of King Daru[1] and became the heir to the throne in the year 33. He became king upon Daru's death in 77 which was the 50th year of his reign. The Samguk Sagi records that "his knowledge was vast and he did not stay his intentions with minor details".[2]  Little is known about the details of his reign. The Samguk Sagi records several natural disasters, including earthquake, drought, and typhoon,[3]  thought to indicate ill omen for the kingdom.  He began to invade outskirts of the rival Korean kingdom Silla in 85, but signed a peace treaty in 105. Baekje and Silla were at peace thereafter.[4]  In 125, Giru sent help to Silla at Jima's request, to repel a Malgal invasion.[4] As there was no enemy to the east side of Baekje, he tied with Goguryeo, sending 10,000 troops to Xuantu Commandery in 122.[4]  Samguk Sagi:  Onjo 18 BCE–28 CE Daru 28–77 Giru 77–128 Gaeru 128–166 Chogo 166–214 Gusu 214–234 Saban 234 Goi 234–286 Chaekgye 286–298 Bunseo 298–304 Biryu 304–344 Gye 344–346 Geunchogo 346–375 Geungusu 375–384 Chimnyu 384–385 Jinsa 385–392 Asin 392–405 Jeonji 405–420 Guisin 420–427 Biyu 427–455 Gaero 455–475 Munju 475–477 Samgeun 477–479 Dongseong 479–501 Muryeong 501–523 Seong 523–554 Wideok 554–598 Hye 598–599 Beop 599–600 Mu 600–641 Uija 641–660 v t e 85 AD, spring, first month. Soldiers were dispatched to attack the borders of Silla. Summer, ninth month. A new star was seen in the Purple Forbidden Enclosure. 87 AD, autumn, eight month, last day of the month. There was a solar eclipse. 89 AD, summer, sixth month. There was an earthquake that broke and sank the houses of the people. Many died. 90 AD, spring, third month. There was a great drought came causing barley to not grow. Summer, sixth month. There was a strong wind that uprooted trees. 92 AD, summer, sixth month, first day of the month. There was a solar eclipse. 93 AD, autumn, eighth month. Five boulders all fell down at the same time from the peak of Mt. Hoeng. 97 AD, summer, fourth month. Two dragons were seen at the Han River. 99 AD, autumn, eighth month. There was a frost that killed the beans. Winter, tenth month. There was rain and hail. 103 AD, The king went hunting at Mt. Han. He killed a supernal deer. 105 AD, Messengers were dispatched to Silla to sue for peace. 107 AD, winter. There was no rain. 108 AD, spring and summer. There was a drought and people resorted to cannibalism. Autumn, seventh month. The Malgal attacked Ugok Fortress (우곡성/牛谷城), plundered, then stealing the people away returned. 111 AD, spring, third month. There was an earthquake. Winter, tenth month. There was another tremor. 113 AD, Messengers were dispatched to make inquiries of Silla. 116 AD, summer, fourth month. Cranes nested above the gate of the capital. Sixth month. There was a lot of rain for ten days. The Han River overflowed and destroyed the houses of the people. Autumn, seventh month. The king ordered the authorities to see to the fields that were damaged by water. 125 AD, Silla was invaded by the Malgal. They sent a written request for soldiers. The king dispatched five generals with their armies to rescue them. 128 AD, winter, 11th month. The king died. Father: Daru of Baekje Mother: unknown Queen(s): unknown 1st son: 4th King, Gaeru of Baekje (蓋婁王, ?–166) – before he became king he was known as Buyeo Gaeru (扶餘蓋婁). 2nd son: Buyeo Ji (扶餘質, ?–?) – in April, 242 he was appointed as the official Ubo (右輔). (disputed offspring[5]) Queen(s): unknown 1st son: 4th King, Gaeru of Baekje (蓋婁王, ?–166) – before he became king he was known as Buyeo Gaeru (扶餘蓋婁). 2nd son: Buyeo Ji (扶餘質, ?–?) – in April, 242 he was appointed as the official Ubo (右輔). (disputed offspring[5]) 1st son: 4th King, Gaeru of Baekje (蓋婁王, ?–166) – before he became king he was known as Buyeo Gaeru (扶餘蓋婁). 2nd son: Buyeo Ji (扶餘質, ?–?) – in April, 242 he was appointed as the official Ubo (右輔). (disputed offspring[5]) List of monarchs of Korea History of Korea"
Aude (river);" The Aude (French pronunciation: [od] (listen), Occitan: [ˈawðe], Latin Atax [ˈataks]) is a river of southern France that is 224 kilometres (139 mi) long.[1] Its source is in the Pyrenees mountains then runs to Carcassonne and finally reaches the Mediterranean Sea near Narbonne. The river is navigable by raft or canoe for nearly all of its length. It is registered as essential to the Languedoc-Roussillon region.  The river gave its name to the Aude department.  In antiquity, the Aude was called Atax by the Romans.[4] Some authors in antiquity called the river Narbôn (e.g. Polybius).  In 1342 the Roussillon Cartulary of Alart called it the Auda or the Ribera d'Aude.[5] In the Middle Ages the terms Adice, again Atax, Fluvium Atacis, Flumine Atace, Flumen Ataze, and Juxta Aditum fluvium were also used to designate the Aude.[5] In all likelihood the current name comes from a gradual evolution of Atax given by Strabo (in his Geography, Book IV), a word borrowed from the Gallic term atacos meaning "spirited" or "very fast".[6]  The river has its source in the Massif of Carlit at the Lac d'Aude at an elevation of 2,185 metres (7,169 ft) in the commune of Les Angles (department of Pyrénées-Orientales) and flows parallel to the Tet. The Col de la Quillane, elevation 1,713 metres (5,620 ft), marks the boundary of the watershed. The river then flows into the Mediterranean Sea a few kilometres from Narbonne at Grau de Vendres (near Cabanes-de-Fleury) on the border between the departments of Aude and Hérault.  At Carcassonne in the Pyrénées its course is oriented north-south. The Aude then presents the characteristics of a mountain stream as it traverses Capcir and feeds several reservoirs (Matemale, Puyvalador) before plunging into gorges (those of Saint-Georges are the most scenic) crossing ancient terrain. Starting from Axat, after being joined by the Aiguette on the right bank and the Rébenty on the left bank, the river flows through bands of pre-Pyrénéen limestone (in the Pierre-Lys Gorges) and passes through a series of small communes: Quillan, Espéraza, Couiza, Alet-les-Bains, then Limoux. Downstream of this great medieval city, the Aude flows eastwards. This elbow results from a Stream capture, the Aude having once flowed in the valley of the Hers, indicating a deepening by an ancient hydrology following the uplifting of the Pyrénées.[7]  From Carcassonne, the river becomes calmer following the great tectonic furrow which separates the Pyrénées (Corbières) from the Massif Central (Montagne Noire), receiving from these heights a series of tributaries of which the main ones are the Orbieu on the right bank, and the Argent-Double and the Casse on the left bank. From this point, bordered by the Canal du Midi and sinuous amid vineyards, the Aude enters the broad alluvial plain of Narbonne with the main stream flowing to the Gulf of Lion and some waters diverted to a network of ancient ponds before flowing into the Mediterranean Sea .  The Aude has a catchment area[8] of 6,074 square kilometres (2,345 sq mi) that extends unevenly across six departments: Aude, Pyrénées-Orientales, Ariège, Haute-Garonne, Tarn, and Hérault (Haute-Garonne and Tarn are only affected by the course of tributaries and sub-tributaries of the river). Before Carcassonne, the Aude receives tributary streams of short length which often have the characteristics of mountain torrents.  Starting from the prefecture of Aude department in the lower valley the Aude river joins with the largest rivers, most of them from the Montagne Noire. From upstream to downstream, the main tributaries of the Aude, longer than 10 km, are:[1]  In its upper reaches the Aude has a nivo-pluvial regime (with a maximum flow in spring linked to snowmelt). Then from Carcassonne[9] where the average flow rate reaches 20.4 cubic metres per second (720 cu ft/s), the system is almost entirely rainfed (The flow at Grau de Vendres[10] where it meets the Mediterranean is around 50 cubic metres per second (1,800 cu ft/s).)  The Aude is thus characterized in its lower course by a pluvio-nival regime of meridional type with high baseflow in summer, 9.8 cubic metres per second (350 cu ft/s) in August at Moussan[3] in the lower alluvial plain not far from the river mouth, against an average of 44.2 cubic metres per second (1,560 cu ft/s). Heavy autumnal rains enable a rapid rise in the flow rate which peaks in February, 78.6 cubic metres per second (2,780 cu ft/s) and is supported by the spring snowmelt from the Pyrénées mountains.  Exceptional and sudden rainfall, so characteristic of the Mediterranean climate during the autumnal season, can be the cause of devastating floods such as those of 12 and 13 November 1999. The results of this event, which affected the lower valley of the Aude, were catastrophic: 35 victims, hundreds of people evacuated by helicopter or rescued from thousands of homes, businesses, and commercial premises which were more or less damaged, 5,000 hectares (12,000 acres) of vineyards more or less ruined, roads, drinking water networks, and sanitation were seriously affected.[11] The scale of the disaster was due to the combination of two factors: Thunderstorms with rainfall on an unprecedented scale. Up to 620 millimetres (24 in) fell in two days at Lézignan-Corbières, that is to say more than the average annual total. In addition, a strong storm in the Gulf of Lyon led to a rise of 80 centimetres (31 in) in the sea level and, combined with the strong waves and wind, prevented the flow of water already swollen by the torrential rains.[11]  Remnants of Hurricane Leslie fed a quasi-stationary cold front over southwestern France, generating heavy thunderstorms and leading to flash flooding in that area.[12] The Aude rose to a height of 7 m (23 ft), its highest level since 1891.[13] Carcassonne received 160–180 mm (6.3–7.1 in) of rainfall within five hours, water level in the city rose 8 m (26 ft) during that period. At least 14 people died because of the flash flood, mainly in the town of Villegailhenc, Aude.  the Lladura or Lladure (16 km), left bank at Réal, the Galbe (14 km), left bank at Puyvalador, the Bruyante (14 km), left bank at Usson-les-Bains, the Aiguette (20 km), right bank at Sainte-Colombe-sur-Guette, the Rébenty (34 km), left bank at Saint-Martin-Lys, the Saint-Bertrand (19 km), right bank at Quillan, the Ruisseau de Fa or Faby (14 km), left bank at Espéraza, the Sals (20 km), right bank at Couiza, the Ruisseau de Castillou, right bank at Alet-les-Bains, the Véraza, right bank at Alet-les-Bains, the Saint-Polycarpe (13 km), right bank at Limoux, the Corneilla (22 km), left bank at Limoux, the Cougaing (17 km), left bank at Limoux, the Sou de Val de Daigne (30 km), left bank at Cépie, the Lauquet (37 km), right bank at Couffoulens, the Fresquel (63 km), left bank at Carcassonne, the Trapel (19 km), left bank at Villedubert, the Orbiel (41 km), left bank at Trèbes, the Argent-Double (37 km), left bank at La Redorte, the Ognon (23 km), left bank at Olonzac, the Orbieu (84 km), right bank at Saint-Nazaire-d'Aude, the Cesse (54 km), left bank at Saint-Marcel-sur-Aude. Pyrénées-Orientales: in the region of Capcir to Matemale, and Formiguères Hérault: Olonzac, Lespignan, Vendres Aude: Axat, Belvianes-et-Cavirac, Quillan, Campagne-sur-Aude, Espéraza, Montazels, Couiza, Alet-les-Bains, Limoux, Carcassonne, Trèbes, Narbonne, Coursan, Cuxac-d'Aude, Saint-Nazaire-d'Aude Ariège: Rouze List of rivers of France Hiking in the Pyrénées-Orientales Jacques Amiel, L'AUDE. Fleuve du pays cathare, Les presses du Languedoc, Montpellier, 1999 ISBN 978-2859982065 Jean Faure, The son of a radelier, Atelier du gué, Villelongue d'Aude, 2001 (ISBN 2913589197)"
Bernardine R. Leist;" Bernardine R. Leist (sometimes credited as Bernadine Risse) was an American screenwriter and actress active during Hollywood's silent film era, she spent time at both Biograph Studio and Edison Studio during her time in the industry.[1][2][3]  Leist was born in Kansas City, Kansas, to John Risse and Rose McCurran. After acting in local productions in her native city and working as an elocution teacher, she arrived in New York City sometime in the early 1900s.[4] Initially, she worked as an actress in theatrical productions, but she forged a career as a scenarist in the fledgling motion pictures industry.[5]  Leist married Louis Leist in 1906, he died two years later. She married her second husband, police captain John White, in 1926,.  Later that year, Leist fell to her death from the roof in their apartment in the Bronx.[6]    This article about an American screenwriter is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. A String of Pearls (1912) The Long Road (1911) Italian Blood (1911) Dan the Dandy (1911) Waiter No. 5 (1910) The Iconoclast (1910)"
Tribhuvan University Central Library;" Tribhuvan University Central Library (Nepali: त्रिभुवन विश्वविद्यालय केन्द्रीय पुस्तकालय, Tribhuvan Biswabidyalaya Kendriya Pustakalaya) is the largest public library in Nepal. It is operated by the Tribhuwan University and is located inside the Tribhuwan University campus at Kirtipur.    In 1962, the Central Library of Lal Durbar (established 1957) was merged with the Tribhuvan University Library (established 1959) in accordance to the decision of HMG, Nepal and became Tribhuvan University Library. In 1977 (2033 BS) it was renamed Tribhuvan University Central Library.[2] In 1959 the Central Library had about 1200 books donated by USAID.[3]  Currently, it hosts about 450,000 books.[1] As of 2020, about 5000 people uses the library in daily basis.[1] The library has a secure section that is not accessible to the general public. This section stores rare books that are over 300 years old.[1]  The earthquake of 2015 damaged some books in the library.[4]  It issues ISBN numbers to the books published in Nepal.[5] which was started from 2000.It started issuesing ISBN from online system from 2020.[6] Nepal National Library Tribhuwan University"
The Full Monty (disambiguation);" The Full Monty is a 1997 British comedy film.  The Full Monty may also refer to:  The Full Monty (soundtrack), the soundtrack from the film The Full Monty, a 1998 novelization of the film by Wendy Holden (author, born 1961) The Full Monty (musical), a 2000 musical based on the film The Full Monty (play), a 2013 play based on the film The full monty, a British slang phrase"
Mechanical pulping;" Mechanical pulping is the process in which wood is separated or defibrated mechanically into pulp for the paper industry.  The mechanical pulping processes use wood in the form of logs or chips that are mechanically processes, by grinding stones (from logs) or in refiners (from chips), to separate the fibers. Mechanical pulp can also be bleached to increase the brightness, but retaining the lignin in the pulp.[1]  Industrial mechanical pulping started in the 1840s with groundwood pulping, producing the pulp from grinding. This made wood fibers the main raw material in paper, instead of textile fibers. Later the chemical pulping processes started dominating for many paper types.[2] Today the groundwood pulping mills are few, but the mechanical pulping processes employing refiners are still important in the Pulp and paper industry. The mechanical pulps are primarily used in newspaper and magazine paper and the chemimechanical pulps for cardboard and soft paper.  Mechanical pulp is very different from the pulp produced in the chemical processes (the sulfite process and the Kraft process). The chemical methods gives paper with higher strength and pulp that can be bleached further than the mechanical pulps. A benefit from the mechanical processes is that they have a high yield, usually between 90 and 98%, which means that nearly all the wood is used. The yield of the Kraft process is only about 50%, which makes the demand of wood twice as high for the same amount of produced pulp[3]  Another benefit of the mechanical pulps is the excellent printing properties, making them very useful in newsprint and magazines. This is because of their good properties of absorbing the ink and also their high opacities and low area density. Chemimechanical pulps can give paper with high stiffness, making them suitable for paper board and as a stiff layer in paper packaging.[1]  The mechanical pulping processes have a high yield, which at the same time means that all the lignin is still present in the pulp and paper. Lignin is modified by sunlight, making paper produced from mechanical pups susceptible to yellowing and becoming brittle.[3] Mechanical pulps can be bleached with hydrogen peroxide or  sodium dithionite,[1] but the brightness is only increased slightly and the yellowing cannot be hindered as lignin is still present.  Mechanical pulping is primarily used in paper products with relatively short life span, such as news paper, books or brochures, but also in coated paper grades for magazines and catalogs. It is also used as the middle layer in cardboard because of its stiffness. These products are used to a high degree, which makes mechanical pulps common in recycled paper and as recycled fibers for paper production. The recycled fibers are mostly used in simpler cardboard, newspaper and tissue paper.[1]  A drawback with the mechanical pulping processes are that they require a high amount of electrical power. A typical refiner pulp can require 2000 kWh/mass ton pulp.[1] A larger mechnical pulp and paper mill can, including the paper production, consume 200-300 MW electricity. The chemical pulping processes can often generate enough energy (steam and electricity) to make the mill energy self-sufficient. This energy is generated from wood leftovers (bark and chips) and from black liquor, which in principle is 50% of the incoming wood (as the yield is less that 50% and a majority of the rest ends up in the black liquor).[4] In the mechanical pulp mills the majority of the electricity is converted to heat, creating steam which is utilized in the paper machines.  A number of different mechanical processes exist:[5]  Stone groundwood pulp (SGW) is produced by pressing the wood onto a rotating grinding stone. The grinding grits in the surface will penetrate into the surface of the wood and separate the fibers by a combination of compression, heating and shear. Pressurised groundwood pulp (PGW) is produced in the same manner as SGW, but the grinding is performed in a pressurized chamber with steam. This makes the process more efficient and reduce the energy consumption. Refiner mechanical pulp (RMP) is produced by feeding wood chip into the center of a disk refiner, consisting of two grooved discs. Either one disc rotates and the other is stationary, or both are rotating in opposite directions. The wood chips are forced toward the periphery by the centrifugal force and is crushed into pulp between the discs. Thermomechanical pulp (TMP) is produced in the same manner as RMP, but in an atmosphere with elevated pressure. TMP pulp can be produced in several steps, of which the first refiner is pressurized. Chemimechanical pulp (CMP) is produced with refiners, but the chips are impregnated of soaked in chemicals before refining. This softens the wood by dissolving some of the lignin. The yield also drops below 90% as a consequence. Chemi-thermomechanical pulp (CTMP) is similar to CMP, but the refining is made under elevated pressures and less chemicals are used. Bleached chemi-thermomechanical pulp (BCTMP) also includes a bleaching step. Pulp Sulfite process and Kraft process Bleaching of wood pulp"
Abbeville station;" Abbeville is a railway station serving the town of Abbeville, Somme department, in Hauts-de-France, northern France. It is on the Longueau–Boulogne railway and is the terminus of the Abbeville–Eu railway. It is served principally by TER Hauts-de-France trains.[2]  The Gare d'Abbeville was built by the Nord company in 1856 in regional seaside style.  The station was formerly linked to Lille by a line which ran between Abbeville and Fives via Béthune and Saint-Pol-sur-Ternoise. The Abbeville - Saint-Pol-sur-Ternoise section closed in 1968.  It was also formerly served by a metre gauge local interest line to Dompierre-sur-Authie, part of the Réseau des Bains de Mer of the Chemins de fer départementaux de la Somme, which opened on 19 June 1892 and closed to passenger traffic in 1947.  The building, which is timber faced with red brick, was declared a historic monument on 28 December 1984.[3] It was the last wooden station built in France until the Meuse TGV in 2007.[4]  In 2006 Abbeville station won second prize in the special category for stations of the annual Villes et Villages Fleuris contest,[5] an award to recognise particularly attractive passenger accommodations and landscaping and which takes into account the integration of the station into its surroundings.[6]  In 2007 the Communauté de communes de l'Abbevillois undertook renovations to convert the station into a more modern and welcoming multimodal facility.[1]  The building has a staffed ticket window as well as ticket machines and offers handicapped-accessible services.[7]  The station is served by TER Hauts-de-France trains (Calais - Amiens line).[2] Train services to Le Tréport were discontinued in 2018.[8]  Coordinates: 50°6′8″N 1°49′28″E﻿ / ﻿50.10222°N 1.82444°E﻿ / 50.10222, 1.82444 "
Oak Mountain 2001 - Night 1;" Oak Mountain 2001 – Night 1 is a live album by Athens, Georgia's Widespread Panic.  This album features a multi-track recording of a performance by the band at Oak Mountain Amphitheater in Pelham, Alabama from 2001.  The 3-disc set is the eighth multi-track release from the Widespread Panic Archives.  The performance was recorded live on July 27, 2001.  The album was released online and in local independent record stores on May 28, 2013 and is available on CD or as a digital download. The album features the six original members of the band: John Bell, John “JoJo” Hermann, Todd Nance, Domingo “Sunny” Ortiz, Dave Schools, and the late guitarist Michael Houser.  From 1990 – 2002, Widespread Panic and their fans held an annual gathering at the amphitheatre.  Oak Mountain Amphitheatre has set the Widespread Panic record for the most total consecutive years playing at the same venue at 13.  The Widespread Panic Archives are planning to re-master yet another 2001 performance from Oak Mountain Amphitheatre for its next multi-track release project. The live album, Oak Mountain 2001 – Night 2, was originally recorded on July 28, 2001.  That album will be the second night of Widespread Panic's three-night run at the Oak Mountain Amphitheatre in 2001 to be released as a multi-track recording by the Widespread Panic Archives.[1]  [2]  "Conrad" (Widespread Panic) - 8:37 "One Arm Steve" (Widespread Panic) – 3:13 "Barstools and Dreamers" (Widespread Panic) – 10:08 "Action Man" (Widespread Panic) - 4:14 "This Part of Town" (Widespread Panic) - 5:15 "Greta" (Widespread Panic) – 11:29 "Christmas Katie" (Widespread Panic) - 7:05 "Let It Rock" (Chuck Berry) - 7:10 "Radio Child" (Widespread Panic) - 5:54 "Disco" (Widespread Panic) - 5:37 "Bear’s Gone Fishin’" (Widespread Panic) - 10:36 "Driving Song > Blight" (Widespread Panic) & (Schools/Houser/T. Nance/Chesnutt) - 14:55 "The Waker" (Widespread Panic) - 3:43 "Last Dance" (Young) - 7:42 "The Harder They Come" (Cliff) - 10:30 "Drums" (Widespread Panic) – 25:20 "Fixin’ To Die" (White) - 5:13 "Low Rider" (War) - 6:59 "Love Tractor" (Widespread Panic) - 5:42 "Ride Me High" (Cale) - 7:36 "Dream Song" (Widespread Panic) - 5:17 John Bell - Vocals, Guitar Michael Houser - Guitar, Vocals Dave Schools - Bass, Vocals Todd Nance - Drums John "Jojo" Hermann - Keyboards, Vocals Domingo "Sunny" Ortiz - Percussion Dr. Arvin Scott - Percussion Packaging by Chris Bilheimer[2]"
Punto pelota;" Carlos García Hirschfeld (2013)  Punto pelota was a Spanish sports talk show that was broadcast on Intereconomía TV rom Monday to Friday, between 20:45 and 22:00. The program was presented in its last stage by Alonso Caparrós.  In addition, Punto Pelota is also the sports information portal of Intereconomía group. It contains the latest news on LaLiga Santander, broadcasts the best matches live and offers information on the rest of the most popular sports. In May 2014, Intereconomía appointed José Antonio Fúster as the new director of Punto pelota.[1]  Punto Pelota was broadcast on Intereconomía Televisión, from Monday to Friday between 20:45 and 22:00.  Punto Pelota was present in both audiovisual media of Intereconomía Corporation, being broadcast on Intereconomía Televisión and Radio Intereconomía from Monday to Thursday between 12:00 and 14:30. During the period presented by Josep Pedrerol, it was also broadcast on Sundays at 11:30 am, starting with a summary of the summaries of the matches corresponding to the LaLiga match day. When there was no LaLiga matchday, the program was not broadcast on Sundays.  On November 29, 2009, the program achieved a Guinness World Record for being on the air for more than 19 hours in a row. On April 10, 2010, it broke his own Guinness World Record for more than 22 hours in a row on the air, dates that coincide with the Clásicos.  Punto Pelota was directed by the well-known sports journalist Josep Pedrerol, who was the director and presenter of the program from September 2008, when he joined Intereconomía after not renewing his contract with Punto Radio, until December 4, 2013, when he was dismissed by Intereconomía's management after a series of disputes due to the debt owed by the television channel to the Catalan presenter, his team and, in general, to practically all the workers of the channel. [2]  Josep Pedrerol had brought with him a variety of collaborators, some had collaborated with him in other media, but others were new faces who had not appeared before.  The format imposed by Pedrerol in the new program attracted numerous personalities from the sports press, present in the most varied media in Spain, who regularly attended the program, Tomás Roncero, José Luís Sánchez, Manu Sáinz, Javier Matallanas, Carmen Colino, Pedro Pablo San Martín, José Antonio Martín Petón and Manuel Esteban Fernández Manolete teamed up with AS newspaper and Cadena SER, Quim Domènech from RAC 1, Telemadrid sports director Siro López, Pipi Estrada from esRadio, Iñaki Cano and Elías Israel from SportYou. es, Julio Pulido and Mónica Marchante from Deportes Cuatro, David Sánchez, Alfredo Duro and Paco García Caridad from Radio MARCA, Miguel García, president of L'Hospitalet, Quique Guasch from TVE, Jorge D'Alessandro, Rafa Almansa and Carles Fité, from Cadena COPE, Frédéric Hermel, collaborator of L'Équipe, François Gallardo, who claims to be a FIFA agent without being one,[3] former professional referee Joaquín Ramos Marcos, also collaborator of Pedrerol in Punto Radio, Rafa Guerrero, former auxiliary referee, former Argentinean goalkeeper of Boca Juniors Hugo Gatti, Roberto Morales, from the EFE Agency, José Antonio Luque and Eva Turégano from Antena 3, former Real Madrid goalkeeper Paco Buyo, former Deportivo de la Coruña striker Albert Luque, former cyclist Óscar Pereiro, former FC Barcelona player Lobo Carrasco, former Valencia CF player Gerard López, tennis player and world number one Carlos Moyá, Antonio Esteva from La Sexta, former Real Madrid players Álvaro Benito, Guti and Fernando Sanz, Víctor Lozano from Onda Cero, Cristina Cubero from Mundo Deportivo, Carme Barceló, José Luis Carazo and Lluís Mascaró from Sport, José Damián González from La Gaceta and Eduardo Inda former director of Diario Marca.  Upon Hirschfeld's arrival,[4] a new cast of talk show hosts was introduced which, according to audience ratings, was not supported by the public. It should be added that in this stage, during the first four programs, there were 4 changes in a row in terms of the presenters who read the comments of the people who participated, among them, Rocio Cano, José Luis Vidal (who also collaborated in El gato al agua), Marta Simonet and Israel Sastre. It is also worth mentioning that they had a section to find a song for the program's guests, in which Fernandisco collaborated on Thursdays.  On December 12, 2013, after the program had finished, Hirschfeld announced that they would be going on Christmas vacation in order to improve various aspects of the program upon their return in January 2014.[5] Ultimately the program was scheduled to return in February 2014, but that return never happened. Finally, almost a year after its last broadcast, Intereconomia finally decided to rebroadcast the program, now under a new format, and at a new time slot. The return of the program finally took place on November 24, 2014, under the presentation of Alonso Caparrós. [6]  The program ended its broadcasts in 2017. Even so, the brand continued on the Internet as a sports content portal and YouTube channel.[7]  The journalistic genre of the program follows the rules of the talk show: the moderator comments on a central topic and a debate is established among the panelists in which the other related topics of the day are discussed. The program has featured Real Madrid president Florentino Pérez, former Spain national team coach Vicente Del Bosque, former Atlético de Madrid players Paulo Futre and Radamel Falcao, coach David Vidal, Madrid players Gonzalo Higuaín, Sergio Ramos, Karim Benzema, Marcelo Vieira and Cristiano Ronaldo,[8][9] former Atlético de Madrid striker Diego Forlán, former Sevilla F.C player Álvaro Negredo, C.D. Tenerife goalkeeper Aragoneses, Palencia player Benjamín Zarandona, Alcorcón players Diego Cascón, Fernando Béjar and Borja Gómez,  former Espanyol Barcelona and Chelsea player as well as current Celta Vigo player Enrique de Lucas, RCD Mallorca goalkeeper Dudu Aouate, and strikers Antoñito and David Barral.  In 2012, he was awarded the Golden Microphone in the television category by the Federation of Radio and Television Associations in the city of Ponferrada.[10]  Punto Pelota set the record for the longest broadcast of a sports program. It was broadcast 19 hours in a row, the 19 hours prior to the Barcelona - Real Madrid match. The marathon started at 12:00 and ended at 19:00. After the match, Punto Pelota resumed broadcasting, so although the record is 19 hours, the program is considered to have lasted 23 hours.[11]  This marathon was attended by countless journalists and guests. With this marathon they also achieved the audience record of the program and of the Intereconomía network.  On April 10, as a consequence of the Clásico between Real Madrid and FC Barcelona Punto Pelota set a new record by broadcasting for 24 hours and talking about it.  On November 29, 2010 and April 16, 2011, for the two classics of the 2010/2011 season, there was a deployment of 5 and 6 hours respectively before the match and 2.5 hours after the end of the match.  On December 10, 2011, also as a consequence of the Clasico between Real Madrid and FC Barcelona, Punto Pelota equaled its own record by broadcasting for 24 hours and talking about it.[12]  Its second best audience share was 327,000 viewers and a 5.5% audience share, after FC Barcelona's elimination against Inter Milan.[13]  Its record audience with a 6.1% audience share was following the first leg of the Champions League semifinals in which Real Madrid lost to FC Barcelona by 0-2.[14]  Alonso Caparrós Kiko Matamoros Juan Gato Jimmy Giménez-Arnau Fernando Ballesteros Juan Esteban Rodríguez Ilaria Mulinacci David Sánchez Ulises Sánchez-Flor Javier Matallanas Joaquín Maroto Roberto Palomar Roberto Gómez Juan Carlos Rivero Guillermo Moreno Alberto García Caridad Juanma Pérez Noya José Vicente Hernáez Javier Molinero José Luis Luna Miguel Navarro Miguel Ángel Calero Ramón Fuentes Gonzalo Miró Pedro Pablo San Martín Carmen Colino Rafa Sahuquillo Miguel Serrano Javier Molinero Juan Carlos Velazco Raúl Varela Ramón Fuentes Carlos Carpio Rubén Uría Ramón Fuentes Pedro Riesco María Morán Patricia Domínguez José Antonio Fúster Víctor Collado David De las Heras Lobo Carrasco Gaby Ruiz Julio Pulido Elías Israel Mateo Fernández Luis Villarejo José Félix Díaz Néstor Susaeta Verónica Sanz Julián Redondo Javier Tena Francesco Barbera Jaume Creixell Javier Hernanz Antonio Romero Gerard López Enrique Marqués Víctor Lozano Roberto Palomar Fernando Sanz Eduardo Inda Javier Balboa Joan Capdevila José Antonio Luque Albert Luque Alfredo Duro Álvaro Benito Antonio Esteva Carlos Moyá Carles Fité Carme Barceló Francisco De Asis Llonch Cristina Cubero Eva Turégano Frédéric Hermel Hugo Gatti Iñaki Cano Jorge D'Alessandro José Antonio Martín "Petón" José Damián González José Luis Carazo José Luis Sánchez José María Gutiérrez Hernández "Guti" Lluís Mascaró Manu Sáinz Paco Buyo Tomás Roncero Siro López Quim Domènech Roberto Morales Óscar Pereiro Pipi Estrada Rafa Almansa Manuel Esteban Fernández Manolete Paco García Caridad Miguel Garcia François Gallardo Borja Mazarro Irene Junquera Juan Féliz Sanz "The intern" Fran Echeverría Diego Plaza Nacho García Nacho Peña Paco Rabadán Nacho Tellado "The architect" Rafa Guerrero Joaquín Ramos Marcos Isaac Fouto Marta Simonet"
Second War of Scottish Independence;"   The Second War of Scottish Independence broke out in 1332 when Edward Balliol led an English-backed invasion of Scotland. Balliol, the son of a former Scottish king, was attempting to make good his claim to the Scottish throne. He was opposed by Scots loyal to the occupant of the throne, eight-year-old David II. At the Battle of Dupplin Moor Balliol's force defeated a Scottish army ten times their size and Balliol was crowned king. Within three months David's partisans had regrouped and forced Balliol out of Scotland. He appealed to the English king, Edward III, who invaded Scotland in 1333 and besieged the important trading town of Berwick. A large Scottish army attempted to relieve it but was heavily defeated at the Battle of Halidon Hill. Balliol established his authority over most of Scotland, ceded to England the eight counties of south-east Scotland and did homage to Edward for the rest of the country as a fief.  As allies of Scotland via the Auld Alliance, the French were unhappy about an English expansion into Scotland and so covertly supported and financed David's loyalists. Balliol's allies fell out among themselves and he lost control of most of Scotland again by late 1334. In early 1335 the French attempted to broker a peace. However, the Scots were unable to agree a position and Edward prevaricated while building a large army. He invaded in July and again overran most of Scotland. Tensions with France increased. Further French-sponsored peace talks failed in 1336 and in May 1337 the French king, Philip VI, engineered a clear break between France and England, starting the Hundred Years' War. The Anglo-Scottish war became a subsidiary theatre of this larger Anglo-French war. Edward sent what troops he could spare to Scotland, in spite of which the English slowly lost ground in Scotland as they were forced to focus on the French theatre. Achieving his majority David returned to Scotland from France in 1341 and by 1342 the English had been cleared from north of the border.  In 1346 Edward led a large English army through northern France, sacking Caen, heavily defeating the French at Crécy and besieging Calais. In response to Philip's urgent requests, David invaded England believing most of its previous defenders were in France. He was surprised by a smaller but nonetheless sizable English force, which crushed the Scots at the Battle of Neville's Cross and captured David. This, and the resulting factional politics in Scotland, prevented further large-scale Scottish attacks. A concentration on France similarly kept the English quiescent, while possible terms for David's release were discussed at length. In late 1355 a large Scottish raid into England, in breach of truce, provoked another invasion from Edward in early 1356. The English devastated Lothian but winter storms scattered their supply ships and they retreated. The following year the Treaty of Berwick was signed, which ended the war, the English dropped their claim of suzerainty, while the Scots acknowledged a vague English overlordship. A cash ransom was negotiated for David's release: 100,000 marks, to be paid over ten years. The treaty prohibited any Scottish citizen from bearing arms against Edward III or any of his men until the sum was paid in full and the English were supposed to stop attacking Scotland. This effectively ended the war, and while intermittent fighting continued, the truce was broadly observed for forty years.  The First War of Scottish Independence between England and Scotland began in March 1296, when Edward I of England (r. 1272–1307) stormed and sacked the Scottish border town of Berwick as a prelude to his invasion of Scotland.[1] The Scottish king, John I (r. 1292–1296), was captured by the English and forced to abdicate.[2] Subsequent events went less well for the English and by 1323 Robert Bruce (r. 1306–1329) was securely on the Scottish throne and had carried out several major raids deep into England,[3][4] leading to the signing in May of a 13-year truce.[5] Despite this, Scottish raids continued,[4] as did English piracy against Scottish shipping.[6] After the newly crowned 14-year-old King Edward III was nearly captured by the Scots in the English disaster at Stanhope Park in 1327 his regents,  his mother Isabella of France and her lover Roger Mortimer, were forced to the negotiating table. They agreed to the Treaty of Northampton with Bruce in 1328, recognising him as king of an independent Scotland and ending the war after 32 years. To further seal the peace, Robert's very young son and heir David married Joan, the likewise youthful sister of Edward.[7]  The treaty was widely resented in England and commonly known as the turpis pax, "the shameful peace". The 15-year-old Edward was forced into signing the treaty by his regents and was never reconciled to it.[7] Some Scottish nobles, refusing to swear fealty to Bruce, were disinherited and left Scotland to join forces with Edward Balliol, the eldest son of King John.[8][7] Robert Bruce died in 1329 and his heir was 5-year-old David II (r. 1329–1371). In 1330 Edward seized Mortimer and had him executed, confined his mother, and established his personal rule.[9]  In 1331, under the leadership of Edward Balliol and Henry Beaumont, Earl of Buchan, the disinherited Scottish nobles gathered in Yorkshire to plot an invasion of Scotland. Edward III was aware of the scheme and officially forbade it. The reality was different, as he was happy to cause trouble for his northern neighbour. He prohibited Balliol from invading overland from England, but overlooked his forces sailing for Scotland from Yorkshire ports on 31 July 1332. David II's regent, with the title of guardian of Scotland, was an experienced old soldier, Thomas Randolph, Earl of Moray. Moray was aware of the situation and was waiting for Balliol and Beaumont, but died ten days before they sailed.[10][11]  Balliol landed in Fife on 6 August with a predominately English force of some 2,000 men. There he immediately encountered fierce Scottish opposition, which he overcame at the Battle of Kinghorn. Five days later he met the 15,000–40,000 strong Scottish army under the new guardian Donald, Earl of Mar, 2 miles (3 km) south of the Scottish capital, Perth. The invaders crossed the River Earn at night via an unguarded ford and took up a strong defensive position.[12] Next morning, in the Battle of Dupplin Moor, the Scots raced to attack the English, disorganising their own formations. Unable to break the line of English men-at-arms, the Scots became trapped in a valley with fresh forces arriving from the rear pressing them forward and giving them no room to manoeuvre, or even to use their weapons. English longbowmen fired into both Scottish flanks. Many Scots died of suffocation or were trampled underfoot. Eventually they broke and the English men-at-arms mounted and pursued the fugitives until nightfall. Thousands of Scots died, including Mar and much of the nobility of the realm, and Perth fell.[13][14]  This marked the start of the Second War of Scottish Independence. On the 24 September 1332 Balliol was crowned king of Scotland at Scone, the traditional place of coronation for Scottish monarchs.[15][16] Almost immediately, Balliol granted Edward Scottish estates to a value of £2,000, which included "the town, castle and county of Berwick".[15] Balliol's support within Scotland was limited and he was subject to constant military challenge, for example, on 7 October David's partisans recaptured Perth and destroyed its walls. On 16 December, less than three months after his coronation, Balliol was ambushed by supporters of David II at the Battle of Annan. He fled to England half-dressed and riding bareback. He appealed to Edward for assistance,[17][18] who dropped all pretence of neutrality, recognised Balliol as king of Scotland and made ready for war.[19]  Although the idea of returning to war against Scotland did not have universal appeal among the English, Edward III gave Balliol his backing.[20] The Scots launched minor raids into Cumberland, which achieved little.[21] Edward invaded Scotland, claiming that this was a response to the raids.[21] His chosen target was Berwick, on the Anglo-Scottish border astride the main invasion and trade route in either direction.[22] According to a contemporary chronicle, Berwick was "so populous and of such trade that it might justly be called another Alexandria, whose riches were the sea and the waters its walls".[23] It was the most successful trading town in Scotland, the duty on wool which passed through it was the Scottish Crown's largest single source of income.[24] Edward hoped the possibility of losing it would draw the Scots into a set-piece battle, which he believed he would win.[25] During centuries of war between the two nations, battles had been rare as the Scots preferred guerrilla tactics and border raids into England.[26][27] Berwick was one of the few targets which might bring the Scots to battle as, in the words of the historian Clifford Rogers, "abandoning it was almost unthinkable".[27]  Balliol opened the siege of Berwick in late March 1333 and was joined by Edward with the main English army on 9 May.[28] Berwick was well defended, well garrisoned and well stocked with provisions and materiel,[29] but the English pressed the siege hard and by the end of June attacks by land and sea had brought Berwick to a state of ruin and the garrison close to exhaustion.[30][31][note 1] A truce was arranged on 15 July, whereby the Scots promised to surrender if not relieved by sunset on 19 July.[30] By this time the Scottish army under the third Scottish guardian within a year, Sir Archibald Douglas, had crossed the border and was devastating north-east England, but Edward ignored this.[30] Douglas felt his only option was to engage the English in battle.[34]   Douglas ordered an attack. To engage the English, the Scots had to advance downhill, cross a large area of marshy ground and climb the northern slope of Halidon Hill.[35]  The Lanercost Chronicle reports: . . . the Scots who marched in the front were so wounded in the face and blinded by the multitude of English arrows that they could not help themselves, and soon began to turn their faces away from the blows of the arrows and fall.[36]  The Scots suffered many casualties and the lower reaches of the hill were littered with dead and wounded. The survivors continued upwards, through the arrows "as thick as motes in a sun beam", according to an unnamed contemporary quoted by Ranald Nicholson,[37] and on to the waiting spears.[37] The Scottish army broke, the camp-followers made off with the horses and the fugitives were pursued by the mounted English knights. The Scottish casualties numbered in thousands, including Douglas and five earls dead on the field.[30] Scots who surrendered were killed on Edward's orders and some drowned as they fled into the sea.[38] English casualties were reported as fourteen, some chronicles give a lower figure of seven.[39][40] About a hundred Scots who had been taken prisoner were beheaded the next morning, 20 July.[41] This was the date that Berwick's truce expired, and it surrendered.[30][42]  In May 1334 David fled Scotland, taking refuge in France at the invitation of its king, Philip VI.[44] On 19 June Balliol did homage to Edward for Scotland, after formally ceding to England the eight counties of south-east Scotland.[45][46] Balliol ruled the truncated Scottish state from Perth and attempted to put down the remaining resistance.[47] The invaders' common goal was seemingly attained, with David's partisans holding only five fortifications in all of Scotland.[48] But Balliol's allies fell out among themselves, which in turn encouraged David's supporters. Balliol's divided allies proved easier targets and were captured, forced out of Scotland or switched sides.[49] The French, unhappy about an English expansion into Scotland, covertly supported and financed the Bruce loyalists, although from when is unclear.[note 3] Balliol retreated to Berwick where he persuaded Edward to spend the winter of 1334–1335 in Roxburgh. Both led excursions into the surrounding western lowlands, destroying the property of friend and foe alike, but found no Scottish troops, while more of Balliol's former supporters defected to the Bruce faction. The leading pro-Bruce nobles formally appealed to Philip for military assistance.[51][52]  Since the Norman Conquest of 1066, English monarchs had held titles and lands within France, the possession of which made them vassals of the kings of France. The status of the English king's French fiefs was a major source of conflict between the two monarchies throughout the Middle Ages. French monarchs systematically sought to check the growth of English power, stripping away lands as the opportunity arose.[53] Over the centuries, English holdings in France had varied in size, but by 1334 only Gascony in south-western France and Ponthieu in northern France were left.[54]  Gascony was important to Edward, the duty levied by the English Crown on wine from there was more than all other customs duties combined and by far the largest source of state income.[55] In 1320 Edward, in his capacity as Duke of Aquitaine, paid homage to Philip for Gascony.[56]  France already had an alliance with Scotland: a mutual defence pact signed in 1295 and renewed in 1326 known as the "Auld Alliance". It was intended to deter England from attacking either country by the threat that the other would in turn invade English territory.[57] In 1331, after six years of often acrimonious negotiations, Edward and Philip had settled most of the differences between them in a formal agreement. Once this was in place Philip had begun arrangements for a crusade to the Holy Land, for which he would need at least English acquiescence and ideally active support.[58]  In early 1335 Philip sent an ambassador to England, who met Edward in Newcastle on 18 February and questioned the basis of Edward's aggression against Scotland. Edward prevaricated, but gave permission for the ambassador to attempt to negotiate a peaceful settlement. A truce was agreed, to last until mid-1335. The senior Scottish nobility fell out and could not agree on a position for the peace negotiations, while Edward seems to have been happy to use the episode as an opportunity to rebuild his finances and reassemble an army.[59]  During the spring of 1335 Edward assembled an army of more than 13,000 men on the Scottish border, the largest force he ever led against the Scots, timing his invasion to the expiration of the truce. Aware of his plans, Bruce loyalists were also preparing for war, setting aside their personal differences and evacuating the Central Lowlands in preparation for invasion. In July Edward led part of his force north from Carlisle to Glasgow. There he joined up with the balance, who had marched from Berwick under Balliol, at the end of the month. The Scots followed a scorched earth policy of offering no resistance and both English armies devastated everything in their paths. The combined force marched north to occupy the Scottish capital, Perth. It continued to loot and devastate widely, in the hope of forcing the Scots to battle.[60]  The French, exasperated, assembled an army of 6,000 men to send to Scotland to restore David II and started to interfere in English possessions in France, even threatening to confiscate them. Scottish and French ships sailing out of French ports attacked English ships in the English Channel and raided settlements on the English south coast. Philip wrote to Edward asking him to submit the rival claims on the Scottish throne to arbitration by Pope Benedict XII to avoid an Anglo-French war. Edward refused. In Scotland, Edward and the Scots agreed a truce, to last from mid-October to 3 May 1336, this did not cover Balliol's forces and allowed the Bruce faction to concentrate against Balliol's supporters. On 30 November[note 4] Sir Andrew Murray led 1,100 Bruce loyalists against a larger pro-Balliol force commanded by David Strathbogie in the Battle of Culblean, defeating it and killing Strathbogie. It was the first of several victories against Balliol and his followers, which raised Scottish morale and reduced Balliol to complete reliance on English arms.[62][63]  Philip was persuaded by the Pope to postpone any military action against England, partly to salvage the possibility of a crusade,[64] but in March 1336 Philip persuaded David II to reject a peace treaty, which Murray, who had been appointed regent and guardian of Scotland, was prepared to accept.[65] Philip, in turn, committed himself to restoring David to the Scottish throne. The French assembled more than 500 ships in Normandy with which they planned to transport one army to Scotland and land another at Portsmouth. While Edward spent the spring raising funds for the Scottish war and making arrangements to guard the English south coast, his subordinates further north struck repeatedly against the Scots. The Scots mostly avoided battle and were defeated when they tried to stand. They again practised a scorched earth policy, including razing Perth. Informed of the planned French descent on Scotland, Edward rode rapidly north, joining Balliol in Perth on 28 June. When the French failed to arrive Edward led 800 men out in mid-July, relieved the siege of Lochindorb, 100 miles (160 km) north of Perth and devastated the east coast of Scotland between the Firth of Tay and the Moray Firth. Forres and Aberdeen were razed, the latter was a potential port of disembarkation for any French expeditionary force. Murray continued to avoid battle.[66]  During the summer of 1336 an English embassy attempted to negotiate with Philip and David. On 20 August Philip rejected the English proposals and pledged full military support for David's partisans. French privateers immediately began a fresh round of attacks on English shipping and ports, causing panic along the English south coast. It was the middle of September before Edward received the news and returned to England. Arriving too late to strike at the French ships, he imposed new war taxes and returned to Scotland to winter in a fortress on the Clyde. The Scots kept up a campaign of harassment against the English, while Murray destroyed Dunnottar, Kinneff and Lauriston to prevent Edward using them. Famine and disease were widespread throughout Scotland. Political and legal pressure from the French increased and Philip readied his army to invade Gascony in 1337. Edward returned to England again in December 1336 to plan for a war with France in the spring. Papal attempts to mediate were brushed aside.[67]  From early 1337 Bruce loyalists took advantage of the English distraction in France. Murray and Sir William Douglas invaded Fife. Edward believed the French were the greater threat and so was unable to send reinforcements. The local English commanders did little with the resources they had. By early summer northern Scotland had been overrun and most of the English fortifications there slighted. In April another Scottish army invaded Balliol-held Galloway and devastated it.[68] On 24 May 1337 Philip's Great Council ruled that Gascony and Ponthieu should be taken back into Philip's hands on the grounds that Edward was in breach of his obligations as a vassal. This marked the start of the Hundred Years' War, which was to last 116 years.[69] As the year went on the Scots raided into the Lowlands, besieging Edinburgh Castle in November and even attacked Carlisle in England and devastated Cumberland. Despite the pressing need for troops with which to face the French Edward sent further forces to Scotland, although to little effect.[70]  Edward needed to guard the coast of England against the French and was attempting to form a field army to campaign on the continent again, but still found enough troops to send an expedition to Scotland in 1338. The French continued to supply the Scots, who had the better of the fighting. After several bitter campaigns, in which both sides freely destroyed crops and villages to limit their opponents' freedom of manoeuvre, the Scots wore down the English. French forces and ships assisted in the recapture of Perth in 1339.[71] By 1340 the English influence in Scotland was limited to a handful of fortifications, Stirling being the most northerly, all of them either besieged or blockaded and supplied by sea from England. Hostilities were frequently interrupted by truces, which were not always well observed.[72]  By 1341 fighting with the English had died down, but the Scottish nobility was riven with feuds. The teenaged David II returned to Scotland on 2 June with his wife Joan, Edward's sister, and attempted to establish his own authority and surround himself with his own people, inflaming an already tense situation.[73][74] Nevertheless, the English were steadily pushed back, with Stirling capitulating to the Scots in March 1342 after a lengthy siege, removing the last English stronghold in Scotland north of the immediate border area. Even there, the strong castle of Roxburgh fell to a dawn escalade in the same month.[75] David's difficulties in imposing his authority were typified when he rewarded Alexander Ramsay of Dalhousie for retaking Roxburgh by appointing him constable of Roxburgh and sheriff of Teviotdale, this enraged Douglas, who had tried and failed to retake Roxburgh himself several times and who by some reports had already been given the positions. Douglas responded by imprisoning Ramsay and starving him to death. By 1345 David had established a degree of political control over the powerful Scottish nobility. The Scots continued to raid repeatedly into England.[73][76]  In July 1346 Edward III landed in Normandy with an army of 15,000. Philip pleaded with David to fulfil Scottish obligations under the Auld Alliance and invade England: "I beg you, I implore you ... Do for me what I would willingly do for you in such a crisis and do it as quickly ... as you are able."[77] As the English had also committed troops to Gascony, Brittany and Flanders, Philip described northern England as "a defenceless void".[78] David felt certain few English troops would be left to defend the rich northern English cities,[79] but when the Scots probed into northern England they were sharply rebuffed by the local defenders. David agreed a truce, to last until 29 September, to allow him to fully mobilise the Scottish army.[80]  On 7 October the Scots invaded England with approximately 12,000 men.[81] Many had modern weapons and armour supplied by France. A small number of French knights marched alongside the Scots. It was described by both Scottish and English chroniclers of the time, and by modern historians, as the strongest and best equipped Scottish expedition for many years.[82][83] The invasion had been expected by the English for some time and when raising his army to invade France Edward had exempted the counties north of the River Humber.[84] Once the Scots invaded, an army was quickly mobilised, commanded by William de la Zouche, the Archbishop of York, who was Lord Warden of the Marches, and Lord Ralph Neville, numbering about 6,000–7,000 men.[85][86] The Scots were surprised by the appearance of the English close to Durham.[87]  On 17 October the two armies faced off. A stalemate lasted until the afternoon when the English sent longbowmen forward to harass the Scottish lines. The Earl of Menteith attempted to clear away the English archers with a cavalry charge, but this failed. The archers then succeeded in provoking the main Scottish force into attacking.[88][89] By the time the first of the three Scottish divisions came to hand-to-hand combat it had been disorganised by the broken terrain and the fire of the English archers and was easily dealt with. Seeing their first attack repulsed, and also being harassed by the English archers, the third and largest Scottish division, on the Scottish left, under the Earl of March and Robert Stewart, broke and fled.[90] The English stood off from the remaining Scots under David II and poured in arrows. The English men-at-arms then attacked and after fighting with what Jonathan Sumption describes as "ferocious courage", the remaining Scots attempted unsuccessfully to retreat and were routed.[88] David, badly wounded, was captured after he fled the field, while the rest of the Scottish army was pursued by the English long into the night.[91] More than 50 Scottish barons were killed or captured, Scotland lost almost all its military leadership.[90][92]  With David an English captive, Balliol, who had fought at Neville's Cross, set about recruiting forces for another excursion into Scotland. Neville and Henry, Baron Percy swiftly pressed the English advantage in the Anglo-Scottish border area. Balliol's subsequent campaign restored some of the southern communities to his allegiance, but on the whole, made little headway.[73][93] With their king a captive, the Scots appointed Stewart lord guardian and regent for David,[94] Stewart was David's nephew, the heir-apparent and a future king of Scotland (as Robert II).[95] Stewart could be depended upon to defend Scotland from Balliol and the English, but otherwise was more interested in securing his own power than looking after that of his king.[96] Stewart's authority was weak, as it largely depended on his acting on David's behalf and David was himself attempting to control affairs from England. Added to this, Stewart's having abandoned David at Neville's Cross gave David reason to mistrust him.[97]  Edward attempted to come to terms with the Scots, using David as a bargaining counter. The details of the negotiations are unclear, but it seems that in 1348 Edward suggested David hold Scotland as a fief from England, naming Edward or one of his sons as his successor should he die without children.[98] In 1350 Edward offered to ransom David for £40,000, the restoration of Balliol's Scottish supporters and the naming of Edward's young son John of Gaunt as David's successor, should the king die without children. Scotland as a fiefdom had been dropped from the negotiations.[99] David was permitted to briefly return to Scotland in early 1352 to try to negotiate a settlement.[73][100] Stewart was disinclined to support any terms which removed him from the succession,[99] and the Parliament of Scotland rejected Edward's terms in March 1352. David returned to English imprisonment.[101] Still preoccupied with the war in France, Edward tried again in 1354 with a simple demand of ransom, without settlement of the English claim to suzerainty over Scotland. The Scots also rejected this, partly because it would leave open the possibility of further English attempts to bring Scotland under their control.[73]  Tensions on the Anglo-Scottish border led to a military build-up by both sides in 1355. In September a nine-month truce was arranged and most of the English forces left to take part in a campaign in northern France.[102][26] A few days after agreeing the truce, the Scots, encouraged and subsidised by the French,[103] broke it and invaded and devastated Northumberland. In late December the Scots captured Berwick-on-Tweed and laid siege to its castle. The English army redeployed from France to Newcastle in northern England.[104]  The English advanced to Berwick, retook the town and moved to Roxburgh in southern Scotland by mid-January 1356. There, on 20 January, Balliol surrendered his nominal position as king of Scotland in favour of Edward, his overlord, in exchange for a generous pension.[105] From Roxburgh the English advanced on Edinburgh, leaving a trail of devastation 50–60 miles (80–100 km) wide behind them. The Scots practised their by now traditional scorched earth policy, refusing battle and removing or destroying all food in their own territory.[106] The English reached and burnt Edinburgh and were resupplied by sea at Haddington.[107] Edward intended to march on Perth, perhaps to be crowned king of Scotland at nearby Scone.[108] But contrary winds prevented the movement of the fleet he needed to supply his army.[109] While waiting for a better wind, the English thoroughly despoiled Lothian.[106] A winter storm drove the English fleet away and scattered it,[110] and the English were forced to withdraw. They did so via Melrose, still widely devastating Scottish territory, but this time harassed by Scottish forces. The English army was disbanded in Carlisle in late February and the Scots went on to take two English-held castles.[107] A truce was re-established in April.[111]  In September 1356 the French suffered a shattering defeat at the Battle of Poitiers.[108] Approximately 6,000 from an army of 14,000–16,000 were killed or captured, the King of France was one of those taken prisoner.[112][113][note 5] This destroyed any Scottish hopes of satisfying their war aims as part of a French-imposed general treaty and raised the possibility that English troops would be freed up for further campaigning in Scotland.[108] With no prospect of further military or financial assistance from the French the Scots negotiated a ransom of 100,000 marks (£67,000) for the return of David.[116] According to the Treaty of Berwick the ransom was to be paid over ten years, on 24 June (St. John the Baptist's Day) each year.[79] As a guarantee of payment, 23 Scottish nobles were held by the English.[116] The treaty prohibited any Scottish citizen from bearing arms against Edward III or any of his men until the sum was paid in full and the English were supposed to stop attacking Scotland.[79]  With the signing of the Treaty of Berwick, the Second War of Scottish Independence was effectively over.[117] Edward had achieved little and the Scots had maintained their independence.[118] However, the agreement was a truce, not a peace treaty, and while it lasted for four decades intermittent fighting continued.[117] Large-scale hostilities resumed in 1400 when English king Henry IV (r. 1399–1413) led an army into Lothian.[119]  David returned to Scotland to deal with the rivalries of his nobles. He was accused of having acquired a luxurious and expensive lifestyle and had to put down a rebellion in 1360. Thereafter, his throne was secure.[116] His wife Joan did not return to Scotland with him, objecting to the English mistress he had taken during his eleven years in captivity. The treaty did impose a financial hardship on Scotland but less than the constant ravages by the English army. David stopped paying after only 20,000 marks of the debt had been met, following which renegotiation led ultimately to a reduction in the debt.[73][120]  King David II Earl of Mar † Andrew Murray Archibald Douglas † Robert Stewart King Edward III Edward Balliol v t e First Second Later Anglo-Scottish Wars v t e Kinghorn Dupplin Moor Annan Dornock Berwick (1333) Halidon Hill Boroughmuir Culblean Neville's Cross Nesbit Moor Berwick (1355 & 1356) Burnt Candlemas Berwick (1357)"
The Judith of Shimoda;" The Judith of Shimoda is a play attributed to Bertolt Brecht. Long believed to be incomplete, a full German playscript of The Judith of Shimoda was reconstructed by Hans Peter Neureuter and published by Suhrkamp (Frankfurt/Main) in 2006.[1] Markus Wessendorf's 2008 translation of this playscript into English received its first stage production in April 2010 at the Kennedy Theatre in Honolulu and was published in 2019 in a collection of Brecht's dramatic fragments.[2]  The Judith of Shimoda draws on historical events that occurred after Commodore Perry compelled Japan to open to the West in 1854. The first American consul on Japanese soil has threatened to bomb the city of Shimoda if the Japanese refuse to negotiate a trade agreement with the United States. To appease the consul, Japanese authorities decide to ask a geisha, Okichi, to serve him. Brecht’s play primarily focuses on what happens to Okichi after she has agreed to sacrifice herself for the sake of her country. Okichi becomes a heroine of Japanese patriotism who is celebrated in legends and ballads. At the same time, however, the life of the real Okichi is ruined: her marriage breaks up, she is called a “foreign whore,” and she dies impoverished and an alcoholic.  Even though the cover of the Suhrkamp edition lists "Bertolt Brecht" as the sole author of the play, the actual authorship of The Judith of Shimoda is more complicated. If the palimpsest-like translation and adaptation history of the play were to be taken into account, the full play title might read as follows: “The Judith of Shimoda—Markus Wessendorf’s translation into English (2008) of Hans Peter Neureuter’s German reconstruction (2006) of Bertolt Brecht and Hella Wuolijoki’s adaptation(s) into German and Finnish (1940) of Glenn W. Shaw’s American translation (1935) of Yamamoto Yuzo’s Japanese play Nyonin Aishi, Tojin Okichi Monogatari (1929)."  In fall 1940, during his exile in Finland, Brecht and his host, the playwright Hella Wuolijoki, collaborated on an adaptation of Yamamoto Yuzo’s play The Sad Tale of a Woman, the Story of Chink Okichi (Nyonin Aishi, Tojin Okichi Monogatari) from 1929.  As the centerpiece of Yuzo’s triptych of plays portraying different stages in Japan’s history, Chink Okichi provides the link between Sakazaki, Lord Dewa (1921), on the feudal system of the early Tokugawa period, and The Crown of Life (1920), about a 20th-century shrimp canner desperately trying to fulfill his contract with a London company. Chink Okichi is set in the period right after Japan’s opening to the West in 1854 and focuses on the historical geisha Okichi, who saved her city Shimoda from the American threat of bombardment by agreeing to serve the first U.S. consul on Japanese soil.  An English translation of Yuzo’s Three Plays by the Kobe-based English teacher Glenn W. Shaw was published in 1935.  As an adaptation of Chink Okichi (in Shaw’s translation), The Judith of Shimoda rearranges, transforms and condenses Yuzo’s drama and turns it into a “play within a play” by adding a framework of interludes in which international guests of a Japanese media mogul comment on the political and ideological implications of the Okichi story. Dennis Carroll has commented that "Brecht and Wuolijoki's additions and changes to the Shaw translation have respected the spirit of the original while gestically sharpening its situations."[3]  Brecht’s notes reveal that he initially approached The Judith of Shimoda as a film project.  For decades, only five of the planned 11 scenes of Brechtʻs version were known, until Hans Peter Neureuter, Professor of New German Literature at the University of Regensburg, discovered a complete Finnish typescript among Wuolijoki’s literary remains and reconstructed a full German playscript by (re-) translating and filling in the missing pieces from that version.  Neureuter’s reconstructed script was first performed in Austria, at the Theater in der Josefstadt (Vienna) on September 11, 2008.[4] The first production in Germany opened at the Stadttheater Osnabrück on September 20, 2008.  In 2008, Markus Wessendorf, Professor of Theatre at the University of Hawai'i at Manoa, translated The Judith of Shimoda into English. The first production of this translation opened on April 30, 2010 at the University of Hawaiʻi's Kennedy Theatre under the direction of Paul Mitri.[5] This production was not only presented in conjunction with the 13th Symposium of the International Brecht Society on "Brecht in/and Asia" at the University of Hawaiʻi in May 2010 but also resonated with an earlier attempt to stage Yuzoʻs work in Honolulu: i.e., the first English-language production of Sakazaki, Lord Dewa in Shawʻs translation by the Theatre Guild of the University of Hawaiʻi in 1933. Mitri's staging was notable for its use of aerial choreography: "[...] in the second half of the play [...] Okichi begins to climb up various long pieces of red cloth that hang from the upper part of the theater. She uses these in various ways—sometimes to evade pursuers, sometimes as a chair on which to sit, and in the end as a way of hanging herself. This verticality is highly effective dramatically and visually, it is simultaneously yet another estrangement effect, a gesture toward Asian theatrical traditions—particularly Chinese acrobatics—and, paradoxically, a way of dramatizing various events and emotions even further."[6]  In February 2011, this production was invited to the Kennedy Center American College Theater Festival (KCACTF Region VIII) at the Los Angeles Theatre Center. The first East Coast production of The Judith of Shimoda was presented from May 3–6, 2012 at New York's La MaMa E.T.C. (directed by Zishan Ugurlu, featuring Eugene Lang College students). "
Curupaytí;" Curupaytí is an Argentine rugby union club. The squad currently plays in Primera División A, the second division of the Unión de Rugby de Buenos Aires league system.  The idea of forming a club dedicated exclusively to the practise of rugby union was originated in 1924, after the GEBA team arrived to play a match which had to be postponed due to a horse riding was being held on the rugby field.[2]  After some met were celebrated, twelve former GEBA players founded Club Curupaytí. The name was chosen honoring the Asalto de Curupaytí, an attack of Argentine troops over the Paraguayan fort of Curupaytí, during the Paraguayan War (also called "War of the Triple Alliance") [3] "
NDAS;" NDAS can refer to:  Network Direct Attached Storage, a computer network disk access protocol National Democratic Action Society, a political party in Bahrain"
Tomasz Radziwon;"   Tomasz Radziwon (born 29 August 1980 in Poland) is a Polish retired footballer.  By the age of 15, Radziwon had debuted in the Polish fourth division with Sokół Ostróda.[1]  In 1995/96, Radziwon left Sokół for top division Stomil Olsztyn's youth team, partially on the advice of the Polish football federation, who wanted him to develop at a higher level.  After the 1997 UEFA European Under-16 Championship, Radziwon was offered a youth contract with Borussia Dortmund in the German Bundesliga. However, he refused the offer, thinking it was not the right time to leave Poland.[1] In 2001, he said that he regretted not accepting the contract.[2]  In 2003, after failing to establish himself in the first team of Stomil Olsztyn and Pogoń Szczecin, Radziwon returned to Sokół Ostróda in the Polish third division, where his father coached.[1]  Despite not playing for a few seasons, Radziwon was persuaded to join Kormoran Zwierzewo because his father wanted promotion to the district league.[3]  He now runs R-GOL, a football store, with his brother Marcin.[3] "
Sudha Arora;"   Sudha Arora (born in 1946) is an Indian writer who writes in Hindi.[1][2][3] She has published over 100 short stories, novels, and plays.[4] Her works have been widely translated into various Indian and foreign languages. Some of them have also been adapted for television and stage. Her first story was published in September, 1965. She is a recipient of numerous local awards for her stories as well as for her contributions to Indian feminist literature in Hindi.[5]  Born in 1946 in pre-independence Lahore (West Pakistan),  Sudha Arora is an eminent Indian writer in Hindi. Her forte is the short story genre and she has over 100 stories to her credit. Her works have been widely translated into various Indian and foreign languages. Some of them have also been adapted for television and stage. Her first collection of stories "Bagair Tarashe Hue" was published in 1967.[6]  She has published several collections of short stories. Her collection "Yuddhaviram" won a special award of excellence from the Uttar Pradesh Hindi Sansthaan. She is considered one of the foremost feminist writers in Hindi in India.[7][8]  Sudha holds a Masters Degree in Hindi literature. A Gold Medalist from University of Calcutta, Sudha Arora  was a Lecturer in Ashutosh College and Shri Shikshayatan College in Calcutta from 1969-71.[9]  Sudha Arora lives in Mumbai, India where she continues to work as a freelance writer and journalist.  She is the founder director of Vasundhara, an organization dedicated to the promotion of books in Indian languages.[10]  Bagair Tarashe Hue (Lokbharati Prakashan - 1967) Yuddhaviram (Parag Prakashan - 1977) Mahanagar ki Maithili (National Publishing House - 1987) Kaala Shukravaar (Rajkamal Prakashan - 2004) Kaanse ka Gilaas (Aadhaar Prakashan - 2005) Meri Terah kahaniyan (Abhiruchi Prakashan - 2006) Rahogi Tum Wohi (Remadhav Prakashan - 2007) 21 Shreshtha Kahaniyan (Diamond Books - 2009)  Ek Aurat : Teen Bataa Chaar (Bodhi Prakashan - 2011) Meri Priya Kathayen (Jyotiparv Prakashan - 2012) 10 Pratinidhi Kahaniyan (Kitaabghar Prakashan - 2013) Annapurna Mandal ki Aakhiri Chitthi (Sahitya Bhandaar - 2014) But Jab Bolte Hain (Lokbharati Prakashan – 2015) Chuni hui Kahaniyan (Aman Prakashan – 2017) Yahin Kahin tha Ghar (Samayik Prakashan - 2010) Odd Man Out urf Biradari Baahar(rajkamal Prakashan - 2100) Rachenge Hum Sajha Itihaas (Medha Books - 2012) Kam Se Kam Ek Darwaza (Bodhi Prakashan - 2015) Aam Aurat: Zinda Sawaal (Samayik Prakashan - 2008, a compilation of articles based on experiences in grassroot-level work with women) Ek Aurat ki Notebook (Manav Prakashan – 2010, Reprint by Rajkamal Prakashan – 2015) Saankal - Sapne aur Sawaal (Lokbharati Prakashan – 2019) Wekh Dhiyan de Lekh (Unistar Books - 2015, novel in Punjabi by Rabinder Singh Batth) Rahogi Tum Wohi (Kitaab Daar – 2008, short stories in Urdu, translated by Haider Jafri Syed) Umbarthyachya Alyad Palyad (Manovikas Prakashan - 2012, compilation of feminist articles in Marathi by Dr Vidyagauri Gokhale) Maithili chi Goshth (Prajakt Prakashan - 2015, short stories by Chandrakant Bhonjal) Samudrateel Walwant(Anagha Prakashan - 2021, short stories by Vasudha Sahstrabuddhe) Aurat ki Kahani (Vaundhara Prakashan 2002, Reprint by Bharatiya Gyanpeeth - 2008) Dahleez ko Langhate Hue and Pankhon ki Udaan (for Sparrow - Sound & Picture Archives for Research on Women - 2003, oral history of the struggle of women in different fields) Mannu Bhandari – Srijan ke Shikhar (Kitaabghar - 2010) Mannu Bhandari ka Rachnatmak Awadaan (Kitaabghar - 2011) Stree Samvedna: Vimarsh ke Nikash: Two Volumes (Sahitya Bhandar - 2015) Yuddhviram – A short film for Mumbai Doordarshan in 1977 by T.N.Mohan Dahleez par Samvad - A short film for Lucknow Doordarshan in 1978 by Rajan Sabbarwal Itihaas Dohrata Hai - A short film for Kolkata Doordarshan in 1986 by Susheel Gupta Jankinama - A short film for Prasar Bharati in 2005 by Ravi Raj Rahogi Tum Wohi - Telecast by Pakistani TV Channel 'Hum TV' as a 4 episode drama in 2013. Rahogi Tum Wohi - staged by Bhopal, Wardha, Dehradun, Indore, Kolkata and Mumbai University students. Rahogi Tum Wohi - adapted as a street play by Experimental Theatre of London and enacted by renowned actor Saeed Jaffrey at Nehru Centre, London, adapted and staged at University of Turin (Italy) and Prague (Czechoslovakia) by Dr Dagmar Markova. Uttar Pradesh Hindi Sansthan (1978) Bharat Nirman Award (2008) Priydarshini Samman (2011)[11] Kendriya Hindi Nideshalay Samman (2011) Maharshtra Sahitya Academy Award (2012) Vagmani Samman (2014) Maharshtra Sahitya Academy (2014) Mira Smriti Samman(2016)[12] Munshi Premchand Katha Samman(2018)"
James Logan (cricketer);"   James Edwin Graham Logan (born 12 October 1997) is an English professional cricketer who plays for Kent County Cricket Club. Logan played for Yorkshire between 2018 and 2020 before being released by the club at the end of the 2020 season.[1]  Logan was born in Wakefield, West Yorkshire and played for Yorkshire's age group and Academy teams, as well as the Club's Second XI.[1] A slow left-arm orthodox spin bowler, he made his first-class debut for Yorkshire in the 2018 County Championship on 24 September 2018.[2]  In his second first-class match against Warwickshire played at York's Clifton Park Ground in June 2019, Logan took four wickets for 22 runs in Warwickshire's second innings.[3]  He was released by Yorkshire when his contract expired at the end of the 2020 season[4] and signed a two-month contract with Kent in June 2021 after impressing playing in the county's Second XI.[5][6] He made his Twenty20 debut on 9 June 2021, taking 1/14 from three overs on debut,[7] and his List A debut on 22 July in the 2021 Royal London One-Day Cup.[8] On 27 July 2021, Logan signed a two-year contract extension with Kent.[9]    This biographical article related to an English cricket person born in the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Long snapper;" In American football, the long snapper (or deep snapper) is a center on special teams whose duty is to snap the football over a longer distance, typically around 15 yards during punts, and 7–8 yards during field goals and extra point attempts.  During field goal and point after touchdown attempts, the snap is received by the holder, typically 7–8 yards away. During punts, the snap is delivered to the punter from 13–15 yards away. Following a punt snap, the snapper often executes a blocking assignment and then must cover the kick by running downfield and attempting to stop the opposing team's punt returner from advancing the ball in the opposite direction. If the punt goes uncaught, it is the snapper's responsibility to make sure the ball does not enter the end zone or bounce backward resulting in loss of yards. The majority of snappers at the highest levels of competition are specialized, meaning that they uniquely play the position of snapper, or have limited responsibilities elsewhere.  A good punt snap should hit the target—the punter's hands at the abdomen or waistline—between .65 and .75 seconds[1] and with a tight spiral for easy handling. A "bad snap" is an off-target snap which causes the delay or failure of a kick or forces the punter into some other potentially compromising situation.  Long snapper was not always a dedicated position. Until about 20 years ago, the position of long snapper would be filled by a random player or lineman who was not getting playing time. The thought to have a roster spot reserved for just a snapper was ridiculous. Over time, people started to realize how important the role was, as one bad snap could lose any game. In the past 20 years, teams have not only trained and recruited true long snappers, but they even offer scholarships because of the importance of the position.[2]  College rules are such that any of the 11 players on the punting team are allowed to proceed downfield at any time once the play has begun (unlike the NFL where only 2 players, the left and right gunners, are allowed to pass the line of scrimmage before the ball has been kicked). This results in many teams employing a "spread punt" or "rugby-style" scheme designed to maximize downfield coverage and limit returners from making larger gains the other way after receiving the ball.  In the NCAA, defensive players are not able to line up within the shoulder length frame of the long snapper.[3] Defensive players who play opposite of the long snapper are also not allowed to initiate contact with the long snapper until 1 second after the ball has been snapped.[4] These rules were created to protect the long snapper, as they are in a compromised position with their head usually down and unprotected.  Unlike college, NFL rules do not provide for a set period of time after the snap before the long snapper can be engaged by the defense. However, no defensive player can line up directly in front of the long snapper when the offense is in a kick formation. Officials generally enforce this rule through verbal admonishment to an offending player prior to the snap. If the defensive lineman moves into a legal position before the snap, no penalty flag is thrown.  Before specialization, the long snapper often was a player who primarily played another position, mostly assumed to be backup centers because they perform regular snap duties to quarterbacks, and also to quarterbacks positioned further out in a shotgun formation. However, a recent example would be Allen Aldridge, who started at linebacker for the Detroit Lions and also served as the team's long snapper.[5]  Buccaneers tight end Dave Moore spent the final three seasons of his career as the team's long snapper while regularly appearing on offense. This allows the team to dress another non-specialist player. Now, every team in the NFL has a specialized long snapper, a trend born on the Washington Redskins in 1971, where head coach and general manager George Allen made George Burman the first modern long snapper—someone whose roster spot was based on the long snap, and not other positions. [6]  Long snappers are usually amongst the least-known players in the NFL, because of their highly specialized and relatively invisible role on the field. They are also generally not drafted, rarely appear on trading cards, and normally are acquired as undrafted free agents, with a few exceptions:  Despite their anonymity, a team lacking a skilled long snapper can be seriously undermined. A famous example of this was on January 5, 2003 during the 2002 wild card playoff game between the San Francisco 49ers and New York Giants. During the regular season, the Giants suffered missed field goals due to the lack of an experienced long snapper, and signed Trey Junkin out of retirement to be the snapper for the playoff game. Junkin botched a snap on a field goal attempt that could have won the game for the Giants, who had led 38–14 at one point in the game.[13] Brad St. Louis of the Cincinnati Bengals was another long snapper who, besides having already botched two snaps in clutch situations in 2005 (wild card play-off game against the eventual champions Pittsburgh Steelers) and 2006, gained even bigger notoriety in 2009, when he delivered five bad snaps on either field goal or extra point attempts (leading to missed, aborted or blocked kicks) in the first five games of the season, which led to the then ten-year veteran being released from the team.  In 2008, it was the Pittsburgh Steelers that had long snapper problems. During an October 26, 2008 game against the New York Giants, the team's regular long snapper, Greg Warren, was injured with what was eventually revealed to be a season-ending torn ACL. Linebacker James Harrison, who had served in 2003 as the long snapper for the Rhein Fire of NFL Europe, volunteered to replace Warren. In the fourth quarter, Harrison's first and only snap sailed over punter Mitch Berger's head and through the end zone for a safety. This tied the score and gave the Giants good field position on the ensuing kick, resulting in the go-ahead touchdown late in the game.[14] Warren sustained a second ACL tear in December 2009, though this occurred on the last play of a December 20 game against the Green Bay Packers, giving the Steelers adequate time to sign replacement Jared Retkofsky, who had also been signed to replace Warren after his injury in 2008.  In 2012, Raiders' long snapper Jon Condo was injured and was backed up by Travis Goethel, a linebacker for a game against the San Diego Chargers. On two occasions during the game, punter Shane Lechler was unable to handle snaps that had bounced prior to reaching him. On another attempt, Lechler took his position much closer to the line of scrimmage than is normal for a punter, so as to decrease the distance Goethel needed to accurately snap the ball. Though the snap was adequate, the decreased distance resulted in a blocked punt.  In the Cincinnati Bengals' 2022 season opener against the Pittsburgh Steelers, Bengals' long snapper Clark Harris suffered a biceps injury, forcing backup tight end Mitchell Wilcox to have to perform long snapping duties in Harris's stead. What would have been a game-winning extra point conversion for the Bengals as the game clock expired was blocked, forcing the game to go to overtime. In the overtime period, for what would have been a game-winning field goal for the Bengals, the snap was high, resulting in the field goal attempt missing wide right. The Bengals would go on to lose the game to the Steelers.[15]  Todd Thomas was the first known player to be selected for his long-snapping abilities, in the fifth round (124th overall) of the 1981 NFL Draft, by the Kansas City Chiefs.[7] He served as the long snapper for the Chiefs during the 1981 season,[8] however, after that season he was primarily used as a tight end/tackle. Kendall Gammon was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers primarily for his long-snapping abilities in the eleventh round (291st overall) of the 1992 NFL Draft. He spent fifteen years in the NFL as a long snapper and backup offensive lineman/tight end, and was named to the Pro Bowl in 2004. Jeff Robinson was selected in the fourth round of the 1993 NFL Draft by the Denver Broncos, as a Defensive end with the 98th overall pick. During his career, Robinson moonlighted as a LS, and later also played for the St. Louis Rams and Dallas Cowboys, he earned a Super Bowl ring with the Rams in Super Bowl XXXIV. Patrick Mannelly was selected in the sixth round (189th overall) of the 1998 NFL Draft, for his long snapping abilities by the Chicago Bears.[9] He is known as the "de facto" first player ever to be selected specifically as a long snapper. At the time, draft records listed the Duke alum as a guard, but he served as the long snapper for the Bears from his first season onward. In 2019, the Patrick Mannelly Award, given to the best long snapper in college football, was created.[10] Dan O'Leary was selected in the sixth round (195th overall) of the 2001 NFL Draft by the Buffalo Bills, although he was drafted as a tight end. Ryan Pontbriand was drafted in the fifth round (142nd overall) of the 2003 NFL Draft by the Cleveland Browns, although he was drafted as an offensive center.[11] Zak DeOssie, long snapper for the New York Giants, was drafted in the fourth round (116th overall) of the 2007 NFL Draft, however, at the time he was drafted as a linebacker. The first pure long snapper to have been picked in the draft was Tyler Schmitt, a sixth round pick (189th overall) in 2008, selected by the Seattle Seahawks.[12] Joe Cardona was drafted as a long snapper by the New England Patriots in the fifth round (166th overall) of the 2015 NFL Draft. Jimmy Landes was drafted as a long snapper by the Detroit Lions in the sixth round (210th overall) of the 2016 NFL Draft, before going on the injured reserve list and being released the following year. Colin Holba was drafted as a long snapper by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the sixth round (213th overall) of the 2017 NFL Draft. Hunter Bradley was drafted as a long snapper by the Green Bay Packers in the seventh round (239th overall) of the 2018 NFL Draft. Austin Cutting was drafted as a long snapper by the Minnesota Vikings in the seventh round (250th overall) of the 2019 NFL Draft. Blake Ferguson was drafted as a long snapper by the Miami Dolphins in the 6th round (185 overall) of the 2020 NFL Draft. Thomas Fletcher was drafted as a long snapper by the Carolina Panthers in the 6th round (222nd overall) of the 2021 NFL Draft. Camaron Cheeseman was drafted as a long snapper by the Washington Football Team in the sixth round (225th overall) of the 2021 NFL Draft. Several other players who went on to be their team's long snapper the following season have been selected but were listed at different positions during the draft. For example, Brad St. Louis was listed as a tight end in the 2000 NFL Draft, and Jake Ingram was listed as a center in the 2009 NFL Draft. Patrick Mannelly Award"
Jan Jensen;" Jan Jensen may refer to:  Jan Jensen (ice hockey) (born 1971), Danish ice hockey goaltender Jan Jensen (rower), Danish lightweight rower Jan Jensen (skiing) (1944–2002), Norwegian sports official Jan Krogh Jensen (1958–1996), Danish mobster and member of the Bandidos Motorcycle Club Jan Olav Jensen (born 1959), Norwegian architect"
Reason Rally;" The first Reason Rally was a public gathering for secularism and religious skepticism held on the National Mall in Washington, D.C. on March 24, 2012.[1][2] The rally was sponsored by major atheistic and secular organizations of the United States and was regarded as a "Woodstock for atheists and skeptics". A second Reason Rally was held June 4, 2016 at the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, D.C.  Speakers and performers at the first rally included biologist Richard Dawkins, physicist Lawrence M. Krauss, musician Tim Minchin, MythBusters co-host Adam Savage, actor-comedian Eddie Izzard, Paul Provenza, PZ Myers, Jessica Ahlquist, Dan Barker, and magician James Randi, and others.[3] The punk rock band Bad Religion performed and other notables (Rep. Pete Stark, Sen. Tom Harkin, comedian Bill Maher, magician Penn Jillette) addressed the crowd by video link. Participants recited the Pledge of Allegiance, deliberately omitting the phrase "under God", which was added by the U.S. Congress in 1954. Veterans of the U.S. Armed Forces were represented, and a retired Army colonel, Kirk Lamb, led veterans in an affirmation of their secular military oaths.[4]  Speakers urged those assembled to contact local and national representatives and ask them to support church-state separation, science education, marriage equality for gays and lesbians, and ending government support of faith-based organizations, among other causes.[5]  According to the official website of the first rally, the aim of the Reason Rally was to "unify, energize, and embolden secular people nationwide, while dispelling the negative opinions held by so much of American society."[2] The website had predicted it would be "the largest secular event in world history." The Atlantic said 20,000 people were in attendance.[6] Religion News Service said 8,000–10,000.[7] The documentary The Unbelievers says that over 30,000 people attended the rally.[8] There are no official crowd estimates of events on the Mall.  The second rally, the Reason Rally for 2016, was billed as "a celebration of fact-driven public policy, the value of critical thinking, and the voting power of secular Americans".[9] The weekend of the Rally included advocacy events and conference sessions. The expected crowd attendance was 30,000 but only about 15,000 to 20,000 actually attended the rally, according to the organizer's estimate.[10][11]  According to the first rally's official website, the event had three main goals:[2]  David Silverman was the creator and executive producer of the event, and the president of the Reason Rally Coalition. Organizers said the aim of the rally was twofold: to unite individuals with similar beliefs and to show the American public that the number of people who don’t believe in God is large and growing. “We have the numbers to be taken seriously,” said Paul Fidalgo, spokesman for the Center for Inquiry, which promotes the scientific method and reasoning and was one of the organizations sponsoring the rally. “We’re not just a tiny fringe group.”[12]  According to rally spokesman Jesse Galef, diversity with the attendees was a focus this year, he stated 'We can't succeed if we are only coming from one demographic'". Comparing the 2012 rally to the 2002 Godless rally which was mainly over-40 white men, the attendees were "largely under the age of 30, at least half female and included many people of color".[7]  Speaking to NPR prior to the rally, American Atheist president David Silverman stated that this is a coming-of-age event for atheists, "We'll look back at the Reason Rally as one of the game-changing events when people started to look at atheism and look at atheists in a different light".[13]  With goals of bringing unity, energy, and visibility to the secular demographic, the rally can be seen as a manifestation of the secular movement that emerged in America and elsewhere in the first decade of the twenty-first century. Writing for The Guardian Sarah Posner states that the Reason Rally was modeled on the LGBT movement, encouraging people to 'come out' about their non-belief and working to humanize atheism by getting "people to personalize someone they'd always thought of as an 'other.'" Once people realize that their neighbor, co-worker or family member is an atheist it goes a long way towards acceptance.  Politics played a large part of the Rally according to Posner, considering that there is only one openly atheist American Congressperson, there is a lot of work to still be done.[14]  In the Huffington Post, Staks Rosch praised the rally. He stated that atheists "face a great deal of discrimination and fear of discrimination for being outspoken" and that many "fear having their families disown them, losing their jobs, or simply being harassed by the religious."[15]  David Niose, the president of the American Humanist Association stated that "The secular demographic does not claim to have a monopoly on rationality, but it does feel that it has something to offer. By rallying in Washington, seculars are not whining about some imagined victimization, but rather they are exercising a voice that has been silenced for too long."[16]  Nate Phelps, an atheist and estranged son of Fred Phelps, the founder of the fringe group, Westboro Baptist Church, supported the Reason Rally and was among the event's speakers.[17][18][19]  The Reason Rally elicited criticism for the antitheist rhetoric and tone that some speakers employed. Editorial writers such as Nathalie Rothschild argued that "the combination of non-belief, self-victimisation and religion-bashing make for a pretty negative and weak ground for common identification".[20] Tom Gilson,[21] and representatives of various religious communities, such as  Rabbi Brad Hirschfield of the National Jewish Center for Learning and Leadership[22] and William Anthony Donohue of the Catholic League,[23] all voiced disapproval the event.  Some notable speakers of the atheist community like Richard Dawkins encouraged mockery and ridicule of religious people in his speech, which elicited a response from others.[24] Though mockery of religion was not the aim of the rally, it happened quite often and was seen more than the positive portrayals of secularism.[25]  The second quadrennial Reason Rally was held on June 4, 2016 at the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, D.C. Event organizers were targeting an attendance of 30,000 people but the organizers estimated only 15,000 to 20,000 showed up and another source estimated even less actually came to the rally.[10][11]  The Reason Rally for 2016 was billed as "a celebration of fact-driven public policy, the value of critical thinking, and the voting power of secular Americans".[9] The weekend of the Rally included advocacy events and conference sessions.   One of the featured speakers at the rally was John de Lancie. Speaking in reference to his Star Trek character Q, de Lancie said: My name is John de Lancie, and I am a god. At least, I've played one on TV. And I'm here to tell you as a god that I was created by humans. And the words I spoke were written by men and women ... My creators took great care in exalting me to the position I hold today. And just like all the gods before me—Zeus, Baal, Yahweh—my god creators wanted you to believe that I am the omnipotent one. The alpha and the omega… Truth be told… I don't exist any more than the thousands of other gods that humans have created, worshiped, and died for since the beginning of time. But if you insist on believing in me, you do so at your own risk… I will lead you down the path of ignorance, intolerance, and bigotry… All because you believe.[35][36][37] To encourage attendees (and those who couldn’t attend) to come "out of the closet" as secular Americans, or supporters of secular equality. To dispel stereotypes ("there is no one 'True Atheist' "). Participation by non-theists of all political persuasions, ethnicities, genders, and backgrounds was encouraged. The intent was to show that there are secular Americans in every major demographic. Legislative equality. Secular Americans should be permitted to run for public office and adequately represent non-theists, just as theists in office represent their constituents. Non-theists deserve a seat at the table just as theists do, the rally should put secular values "on the radar" of American voters. Paul Provenza stated “We're not here today to bash anyone's religion… but, hey, if it happens it happens.”[26] Richard Dawkins spoke about the differences between the US and the UK, which does not have separation between church and state.  "The American Constitution is a precious treasure, the envy of the world".[27] He also stated "Mock them, ridicule them in public. Don't fall for the convention that we're all too polite to talk about religion. Religion makes specific claims about the Universe which need to be substantiated and challenged."[23][28][29][30] Mythbuster Adam Savage stated "Everything that we have that makes our lives possible exists because human beings have... made predictions based on those tests and then improved upon them. This is reason: the human capacity to make sense of the world."[31] David Silverman, president of American Atheists stated "If the atheists weren't closeted, it would be harder to hate us, because in the end, you can't hate what you already love."[32] Magician Penn Jillette stated "I can make the argument...that the only ones with true morality are us, the atheists. We are doing good because it's good and are doing right because it's right, and not for reward or punishment.  We have love for each other, we have community, we have charity."[33] Bill Maher said, "When it comes to religion, we're not two sides of the same coin, and you don't get to put your unreason upon the same shelf with my reason. Your stuff [religion] has to go over there, on the shelf with Zeus, and Thor, and the Kraken. With the stuff that is not evidence based, stuff that religious people never change their mind about, no matter what happens."[34] Godless Americans March on Washington (2002) Irreligion in the United States New atheism Secular humanism"
WhiteBox (art center);" WhiteBox is a non-profit art space located in New York City.[1][2] It hosts contemporary exhibitions, performance, video and special events including readings, lectures and panel discussions.[3]  The organization was founded by Juan Puntes as an alternative art space for innovative, experimental and thought-provoking contemporary art. It was founded in Philadelphia in 1997, before relocating to Chelsea, New York City in 1998.[4][5]  In the years 1998 and 1999, Whitebox was nominated for “Best Group Show” by the International Art Critics Association for "Plural Speech" and for a survey of Viennese Actionists, Hermann Nitsch and Günter Brus.[6] Later exhibitions included artists Carolee Schneemann, Michael Snow, Dennins Oppenheim, Braco Dimitrijevic, Naoto Nagakawa, Alison Knowles, John Cage and Aldo Tambellini.[7]  In 2008 WhiteBox decided to leave Chelsea to move to the Lower East Side, where a few galleries were just starting to settle following the opening of the New Museum in the same neighborhood.  In 2018 Mr. Puntes decided to move WhiteBox again and reopen it in  East Harlem, one of the largest predominantly Latino communities in New York City. Puntes was particularly interested in collaborating with immigrant and minority communities, especially Latin Americans. In addition Mr. Puntes was joined by curator Kyoko Sato who helped create an Asian art program[8]  In January 2022 WhiteBox moved to its current location in the Lower East Side, Manhattan.  With Raul Zamudio as a curator, WhiteBox presented a series of socio-political commentary shows that involved local and international artists.[9]  Whitebox works to present exhibitions that include the visual arts, experimental media, sound, poetry and video. It is committed to serving as an alternative space in which the general public and artistic community can explore, learn and engage with new ideas.[10]  In 2019, settled into its East Harlem location, White Box-Harlem presented the first mayor survey of Japanese experimental filmmaker Ko Nakajima in New York. Multiple screenings by the artist from the ‘60s to the ‘80s were shown. The exhibition received financial support from the Lower Manhattan Cultural Council.[11]  In October 2021 an exhibition devoted to sound and multimedia art titled "White Noise" was presented. The show included a diverse group of international artists working on musical performance, video projection, poetry, installation and a live reading and screening of a graphic novel by indie-rocker and social critic, Jeffrey Lewis. Participating artists included Eva Petrič, V. Matt Sullivan and Beatrice A. Martino.[12]  In November 2021 an international group exhibition titled "Perfect Day: Drugs and Art" was presented. It was curated by Raul Zamudio and Juan Puntes. Participating artists included Abdul Vas, Antonio Caro, Chin Chih Yang, Bradley Eros, Jason Mena, Javier Téllez, Julia Justo, Julia San Martin, Lorin Roser, Max Blagg,  Nina Kuo and Tamiko Kawata among others[13]    This article about a building or structure in New York is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Monmouth Stakes;" The Monmouth Stakes is a Grade III American Thoroughbred horse race for horses aged three years old over a distance of one and one-eighth miles on the turf held annually in late May or early June at Monmouth Park Racetrack in Oceanport, New Jersey.  The event currently carries a purse of $150,000.  The inaugural running of the event was on September 13, 2008 when Monmouth Park created the Monmouth Stakes when IEAH Stables said they wanted their Dual Classic  winner, Big Brown, to compete in a turf race in the middle of September.[1] (Although Belmont Park was willing to create a race, that never materialized. Philadelphia Park used the Presidents Cup to entice Big Brown to race there.)  The following year the event was moved to June.[2]  In 2010 the event was classified as Grade III.[2]  The event was not held in 2016.[3]  Speed  record:  Margins:  Most wins by a horse  Most wins by a jockey:  Most wins by a trainer:  Most wins by an owner:  1:45.93 - Data Link (2012) 1+1⁄2 lengths – Devamani (FR) (2021) 2 - Money Multiplier (2017, 2018) 2 - Almanaar (GB) (2019, 2020) 4 - Joe Bravo (2014, 2018, 2019, 2020) 6 - Chad C. Brown (2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022) 2 - Shadwell Stable (2019, 2020) List of American and Canadian Graded races"
2011–12 Sunderland A.F.C. season;"   The 2011–12 season, Sunderland competed in the Premier League. They finished the season in 13th place, ending with a total of 45 points.  After winning just 2 of their first 13 Premier League games and following the defeat by Wigan Athletic, chairman Ellis Short moved to sack Steve Bruce on 30 November. Assistant manager Eric Black assumed first team responsibilities until a new manager could be found.[3] Martin O'Neill was appointed manager on 3 December with a three-year contract.[4]  Updated 13 May 2012  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.    Total spending:  £28,350,000   EU = if holds or not a European Union passport, Country: when 2 flags, 1st flag = country that plays for internationally, 2nd flag = country of birth, N = number on jersey, P = Position (for position name, pause mouse pointer on abbreviation), Name = Name on jersey (for more extensive name, pause mouse pointer on name), Age = age on the day of the signing, Moving from = only indicate the club the player was playing before start playing for this club in this season, for the type of the moving see Status column, Moving to = only indicates the club the player is going to play next, for the type of the moving see Status column, Ends = when the player's current contract ends, n/a = Not applicable. Total income:  £25,000,000  v t e Sunderland A.F.C. seasons"
Table tennis at the 2019 European Games – Men's singles;"   The men's singles in table tennis at the 2019 European Games in Minsk is the second edition of the event in a European Games. It was held at Tennis Olympic Centre from 22 June to 26 June 2019.[1]  All times are FET (UTC+03:00)  The seeding lists were announced on 9 June 2019.[2]  v t e  Timo Boll (GER)  Mattias Falck (SWE)  Dimitrij Ovtcharov (GER)  Liam Pitchford (GBR)  Vladimir Samsonov (BLR)  Simon Gauzy (FRA)  Kristian Karlsson (SWE)  Daniel Habesohn (AUT)  Emmanuel Lebesson (FRA)  Jonathan Groth (DEN)  Marcos Freitas (POR)  Tomislav Pucar (CRO)  Tiago Apolonia (POR)  Cédric Nuytinck (BEL)  Darko Jorgić (SLO)  Álvaro Robles (ESP) Q = Qualifier w/o = Walkover w/d = Withdraw r = Retired DQ = Disqualified"
Newton upon Derwent;"   Newton upon Derwent or Newton on Derwent is a village and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It is situated approximately 5 miles (8 km) west of Pocklington and 1 mile (1.6 km) south of the A1079 at Wilberfoss. It lies 1 mile east of the River Derwent after which the village takes its name.  According to the 2011 UK census, Newton upon Derwent parish had a population of 315,[1] an increase on the 2001 UK census figure of 282.[2]  Newton upon Derwent East Riding of Yorkshire East Riding of Yorkshire Yorkshire and the Humber East Yorkshire"
Rafael López Nussa;"   Rafael López Nussa (22 February 1885 – 3 March 1943) was a Puerto Rican physician and public servant.  In 1916 López Nussa performed the first heart surgery operation in Puerto Rico.  López Nussa was born in Mayaguez, Puerto Rico, on 22 February 1885. He was the son of Ramon B. López, an Austrian, [2]  and Micaela Nussa, a Spaniard[3] from Barcelona.[1] Rafael López Nussa was the brother of María Asunción, who married Bailey K. Ashford.[4]  After completing his schooling years and graduating from high school in Puerto Rico, López Nussa entered college and graduated with a degree in medicine from Georgetown University in 1906. He graduated with specialization from the New York Post Graduate Medical School in 1913, and from the Chicago Laboratory of Surgical Technique in 1916.[1]  He returned to Puerto Rico and performed as medical director at the Hospital Tricoche in Ponce from 1907 to 1920.[1] He represented Puerto Rico at the International Congress for Medicine in London in 1913.[5]  In 1916 he performed a delicate cardiac surgical procedure at Hospital Tricoche in Ponce, it is so registered in the records of the Puerto Rico Medical Association as the first such procedure performed in Puerto Rico.[1]  In 1918 he took a position at the Hospital San Lucas as surgeon and medical director.  He was also a surgeon at Ponce's Hospital de Distrito, a public government institution serving south-central Puerto Rico, and was also a medical consultant for the new Escuela de Medicina Tropical in San Juan, Puerto Rico.[1]  In 1915, Lopez Nussa was one of the co-founders of the Puerto Rico National Guard.[6] In 1928, he was president of Ponce School Board. He was also president of the Ponce Rotary Club, vice-president of the Puerto Rico Medical Association, member of the American Board of Surgeons, and the physician for the Ponce Firefighters Corps.[1] In 1930, he presided over the medical group that traveled to the Dominican Republic to care for victims of San Zenon tropical storm.[1] In 1934, Lopez Nussa formed part of the welcoming committee for the arrival of U.S. President Franklin Delano Roosevelt and his wife to Ponce.[7]  López Nussa, died in San Juan on 3 March 1943. He was buried at the Santa María Magdalena de Pazzis Cemetery.[8]  There is a public housing developments in Ponce named after Lopez Nussa.[9][10] He is also recognized as one of Ponce's notable physicians[11] at the Park of the Illustrious Ponce Citizens. In San Juan, the municipal hospital is named in his honor.[12] In Ponce, there is also a school named in his memory.[13] Puerto Rico portal List of Puerto Ricans"
Américo Martín;" Américo Gregorio Martín Estaba (1 February 1938 – 17 February 2022) was a Venezuelan politician. A member of A New Era, he served in the Venezuelan Chamber of Deputies from 1979 to 1984.[1] He died in Caracas on 17 February 2022, at the age of 84.[2]    This article about a Venezuelan politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Austrothelphusa;"     Austrothelphusa is a genus of freshwater crab endemic to Australia, comprising the following species:[1]  Most of these species are restricted to Queensland, but Austrothelphusa transversa is also found in New South Wales, South Australia, Northern Territory and Western Australia.[2]  These crabs grow to a carapace width of 50 millimetres (2.0 in) and are omnivores.[2]    This crab article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Austrothelphusa agassizi (Rathbun, 1905) Austrothelphusa angustifrons (A. Milne-Edwards, 1869) Austrothelphusa insularis (Colosi, 1919) Austrothelphusa raceki (Bishop, 1963) Austrothelphusa tigrina (Short, 1994) Austrothelphusa transversa (von Martens, 1868) Austrothelphusa valentula (Riek, 1951) Austrothelphusa wasselli (Bishop, 1963)"
V. S. Vinaya;"   Vakkaliga Swamy Vinaya[2] (born 24 November 1985) is a former Indian field hockey player who played as a midfielder for the national team. Among the major tournaments he represented India at include 2005 Men's Hockey Champions Trophy and 2006 Asian Games.[3] Vinaya's "capability in one-on-one situations" received praise from German hockey coach Valentin Altenburg.[4] In 2010, Vinaya signed up for World Series Hockey.[5]  Apart from hockey, Vinaya represents his club Air India in cricket in the second division league.[6] "
Inns of Court Regiment;"   The Inns of Court Regiment (ICR) was a British Army regiment that existed under that name between May 1932 and May 1961. However, the unit traces its lineage back much further, to at least 1584, and its name lives on today within 68 (Inns of Court & City and Yeomanry) Signal Squadron, as part of 71st (City of London) Yeomanry Signal Regiment.  Back in the 14th to 16th centuries, judges were called upon to perform functions that, in modern times, would hardly be considered to come within judicial office.  Accordingly, members of the Inns of Court found themselves called to fight in the wars of King John or against Robert the Bruce. One such defence of Medieval London was organised in 1381 against Wat Tyler, during the Peasants' Revolt (when the Chief Justice was killed). In 1467, the Chief Justice of the Exchequer, then Recorder of the city of London, was instrumental in defeating a Lancastrian attack on the city of London. Further accounts, such as Henry Machyn's diary (1554), tell of more localised defences when "On the xij day of Juin was a gret fray be-twyn the Lord Warden's servants of Kent and the Ines of Greys Inn and Lynkolne(s) Inn, and some sleyn and hurt."[2]  The first organised body formed by the Inns of Court appears to have been in Holborn, London, in 1584. At that time, associations known as trained bands were formed to assist in the defence of the country from the Spanish Armada.[3] The deed itself, associating the members of Lincoln's Inn, is still in existence, having been preserved by its first signatory, Thomas Egerton, then Solicitor-General, and afterwards Lord Chancellor.[4]  The history is ambiguous thereafter, although many lawyers were known to join the Royalists, and their clerks the Parliamentarians, during the English Civil War. Certainly, members of The Inns were called out against the Jacobite rising of 1745 and the Gordon riots of 1780. Indeed, future prime minister William Pitt the Younger served in the Lincoln's Inn Company.[4]  The Bloomsbury and Inns of Court Volunteers was reformed in 1797 during the Napoleonic Wars. It was shortly afterwards that the regiment gained its enduring nickname. During a review by King George III in Hyde Park in 1803, the King used his dislike for lawyers – particularly ones carrying arms – to name the massed ranks of the Law Association as "The Devil's Own".[5] "It is understood that the King was in high health and excellent spirits at the time. When the 'Temple companies' had defiled before him, his Majesty enquired of Lord David Erskine, who commanded them, as lieutenant colonel, what was the composition of that corps? 'They are all lawyers, Sire,' said Erskine. 'What! What! 'exclaimed the King, 'all lawyers? all lawyers? Call them the Devil's Own, call them the Devil's Own!" "And the Devil's Own they were called accordingly."[6]  The modern history of the regiment began again in 1859, shortly after Crimea, with the formation of the 23rd Middlesex (Inns of Court) Rifle Volunteer Corps. In 1881, the unit became a battalion of the Rifle Brigade and was renamed the 14th Middlesex (Inns of Court) Rifle Volunteer Corps in 1889. The regiment then formed part of the 2nd London Volunteer Brigade and the "Grey Brigade". In 1888, a mounted infantry detachment was formed and subsequently became known as "B" (M.I.) Company, and a contingent of 30 mounted infantry, 19 cyclists and a signaller joined the City Imperial Volunteers for service in South Africa during the Boer War.[7]  In 1908, the Territorial Force was formed and the regiment became the 27th (County of London) Battalion, The London Regiment (Inns of Court), but almost immediately it was changed into an officer training unit under the designation the Inns of Court Officers' Training Corps (I.C.O.T.C.) The regiment had an establishment of one squadron of cavalry (I.C.O.T.C. Squadron, formerly "B" (M.I.) Company) and three companies of infantry.[8]  In 1914, the Inns of Court Reserve Corps was formed, consisting of former members of the Inns of Court Rifle Volunteers, and in 1917 the 1st Cadet Battalion, Inns of Court, was formed to train boys under military age.[7] The Inns of Court OTC expanded rapidly in August and September 1914, as thousands volunteered for military service following the outbreak of the First World War, and the corps quickly outgrew its peacetime premises in London.   A training camp opened in tents on Berkhamsted Common, in the west of Hertfordshire in September 1914 and remained in operation until June 1919, hosting around 2,000 officer cadets.  As part of their training, the men dug around 13 miles (21 km) of trenches across Berkhamsted Common, evidence of which remains visible 100 years later.[9]  Around 11,000 were commissioned and became officers in other units.[4] Three were awarded the Victoria Cross, all posthumously: Jack Harrison of the East Yorkshire Regiment in 1917,[10] Walter Napleton Stone of the Royal Fusiliers in 1918[11] and Christopher Bushell of the Royal West Surrey Regiment in 1918.[12]  The Inns of Court Officers' Training Corps Memorial is a First World War memorial close to the temporary training camp of the corps on Berkhamsted Common. It became a Grade II listed building in November 2016.[13]  In 1920, the regiment was reformed with an establishment of one squadron of cavalry and two companies of infantry. Its designation was changed to the Inns of Court Regiment (ICR) in 1932, when it was again reorganised along similar lines. The two infantry companies were converted to light tank cavalry squadrons in 1937 and two years later formed the Royal Armoured Corps Wing, Sandhurst. In 1939, the mounted squadron joined a cavalry training regiment in Edinburgh, but this was disbanded in 1940.[8]  From 23 January 1941 until 15 January 1943, the regiment was part of the 9th Armoured Division in Great Britain.[14] From 1943, it was under the direct command of  I Corps, the assault formation of 21 Army Group and later led the advance of  11th Armoured Division.[15]  On D-Day, "C" Squadron of the regiment landed on Juno Beach with the 3rd Canadian Infantry Division.[16] On the day, "C" Squadron was to advance inland at speed to the line of the River Orne, south of Caen, and destroy the main crossings from Thury Harcourt to a point five kilometres south of Caen. Four crossings on the Odon were also to be prepared for demolition. The object was to halt the advance of reinforcements, particularly of the 21st Panzer Division whose presence was strongly suspected in the Forêt de Cinglais. To affect this operation, "C" Squadron was reorganised on a half-troop basis. This meant that there were twelve fighting units, to which nine had a group of Royal Engineers and a half-track of explosives attached. All vehicles were loaded on two L.C.T’s, as equally divided as possible so that, in case of loss of one, the other could still carry out the appointed role, with certain numerical limitations.[17] “C” Squadron was to come ashore thirty minutes after the assault infantry on Juno Beach, just west of Graye-sur-Mer. [17]  During the campaign in Northwest Europe of 1944–45, the Inns of Court, organised as an armoured car regiment, was the reconnaissance asset of I Corps.[18]  On 1 April 1947, the regiment was again reformed, as the Armoured Car Regiment of the 56th (London) Armoured Division, T.A., later to become the Reconnaissance Regiment of the 54th (East Anglian) Infantry Division. In 1956, the Northamptonshire Yeomanry was reduced to one squadron and amalgamated with the Inns of Court Regiment as "The Northamptonshire Yeomanry "D" Squadron, The Inns of Court Regiment". This was reversed when, in 1961, The Inns of Court Regiment amalgamated with the City of London Yeomanry (Rough Riders) to form The Inns of Court & City Yeomanry.[19]  Following further defence reforms, the unit became known as 68 (Inns of Court & City Yeomanry) Signal Squadron from 1 April 1969, when, with an establishment of eight officers and 85 other ranks, it became part of the newly formed the 71 (Yeomanry) Signal Regiment (Volunteers), which itself had been formed from the recently disbanded yeomanry regiments.[20]  The regiment's battle honours were as follows:[19]  The cap badge combined the arms of the four Inns of Court.[21] The Latin motto of the corps is Salus populi suprema lex (the safety of the people is the supreme law).[22]  The  Inns of Court and City Yeomanry Museum is at 10 Stone Buildings, Lincoln's Inn, London, WC2A 3TG.[23]    South Africa 1900–01 The Second World War: Normandy Landing · Caen · Bourguébus Ridge · Cagny · Catheolles · Amiens 1944 · Antwerp · Hechtel · Rhine · Leese · Aller · North-West Europe 1944–45 Normandy Landing · Caen · Bourguébus Ridge · Cagny · Catheolles · Amiens 1944 · Antwerp · Hechtel · Rhine · Leese · Aller · North-West Europe 1944–45"
List of Mom episodes;"   Mom is an American sitcom that premiered on September 23, 2013, on CBS. The series was created by Chuck Lorre, Eddie Gorodetsky and Gemma Baker. It follows Christy Plunkett (Anna Faris), a single mother who, upon reaching a turning point in her battle with alcoholism and drug addiction, decides to restart her life in Napa, California's wine country, working as a waitress at the restaurant Rustic Fig and attending Alcoholics Anonymous meetings. Her mother Bonnie Plunkett (Allison Janney) is also a recovering drug and alcohol addict who attempts to have a healthy romantic relationship with her fiancé, Adam (William Fichtner), a paraplegic ex-stuntman, and her 17-year-old daughter Violet (Sadie Calvano) — born when Christy was just 16 – was herself pregnant by way of her boyfriend Luke (Spencer Daniels) in season 1. Christy also has a younger son Roscoe (Blake Garrett Rosenthal) by her ex-husband Baxter (Matt L. Jones), a deadbeat marijuana addict in the first season. Through it all, Christy and Bonnie rely on their support system from AA, including the wise Marjorie (Mimi Kennedy), the wealthy and sometimes misguided Jill (Jaime Pressly), the overly emotional Wendy (Beth Hall), and the loudmouth but sweet Tammy (Kristen Johnston). Collectively, they help each other stay sober in the face of whatever life throws at them. Recurring characters in the first few seasons include: Gabriel (Nate Corddry), the manager of Rustic Fig and Rudy (French Stewart), Rustic Fig’s head chef.  With the exception of the pilot, episode titles contain two odd topics (often unrelated) that are mentioned in that episode's dialogue. In February 2019, CBS renewed the series for a seventh and eighth season,[1] with the seventh season which premiered on September 26, 2019.[2] The eighth season premiered on November 5, 2020.[3] On February 17, 2021, it was announced that the eighth season would be the series' final season.[4] During the course of the series, 170 episodes of Mom aired over eight seasons, between September 23, 2013, and May 13, 2021. "
Allan A. Swenson;" Allan Armstrong Swenson (born December 26, 1933) is an author, literary agent and master gardener.[1] He  worked for over 25 years as a nationally syndicated newspaper columnist and radio-TV personality, and is the author of more than 50 books.[2]  Swenson was born in Clifton, New Jersey, to Harold Oscar and Amy Tudor Dugdale Swenson.   As a boy, he was a very active member of the 4-H Club. Swenson earned his Phi Beta Kappa Key at Rutgers University, where he received a BA degree in Journalism.  Following graduation, Swenson became a radio and television writer at WNBC in New York for the Phil Alampi shows.  Swenson was recruited into Army Intelligence[3][4] while a Cadet Colonel of the Army ROTC at Rutgers University. He served as an Intelligence Officer, holding the rank of captain, during active duty with the 525 MI Group and with the XVIII Airborne Corps during the 1950s. From this background, Swenson wrote his Guide to the CIA and Guide to National Security.  After leaving the military, Swenson became a writer in New York City, working as a copywriter and an account executive[5] for the advertising agencies Albert Sidney Noble and Dancer-Fitzgerald-Sample. Swenson formed his own Public Relations Agency in NYC in the 1960s, serving clients including American Cyanamid, Topper Toys, Eastern Airlines, and Shell Chemical.  During this time, and for more than 25 years, Swenson wrote a gardening column for NEA-United Media which appeared in more than 200 papers nationwide.[6]  Swenson founded Camp America[7] and created its nationwide Fly In-Camp Out program. With outfitters in major cities, his organization enabled families to fly from their home areas, rent van campers or motor homes and explore outdoor America. He later sold the organization to Winnebago Industries.  Based on his ongoing gardening columns, Swenson became an author and wrote more than 50 books published by Doubleday, Random House, McMillan, Penguin and other publishers. His series of Plants of the Bible,[8] Herbs of the Bible and Foods Jesus Ate[9] led to his periodic appearance on television programs, including the 700 Club. He also wrote the Inflation Fighter’s Victory Garden, Inflation Fighters Preserving Guide, Plan Your Own Landscape, Landscape You Can Eat, and dozens of specialty garden books.  He also wrote the L.L. Bean Canoeing Handbook, which is held by more than 400 libraries around the world.[10]  For young readers, Swenson wrote a book series including World Beneath Your Feet, World Above Your Head and World In A Tidal Pool. Under his pen name for children’s books, Virginia Langley, he authored Hurray for Christopher Cat about a Maine Coon cat, Thar She Blows about a whale-watching trip, Babes in the Woods about baby animals and their habitats, and several others.  Over the years, Swenson appeared on various network TV shows about his books, including appearing as Dr. Plant on the syndicated Good Day Show and as the Good Growing Guy on Good Morning America. He then created his own Gardener’s Notebook TV series for syndication. Before moving to Maine with his family in 1974, Swenson had his own radio show on 400 stations of the Mutual Radio Network from New York City which also was carried by independent stations.  After moving to Maine, Swenson created a Book Division for the Gannett Publishing Company. Among the authors of the eighty books he published during his ten-year tenure as Editor-in-Chief were Bill Caldwell and Marjorie Standish.  Swenson wrote extensively for, and attended, the Leif Ericson Millennium in 2000 in Greenland. Following this, he wrote many articles about Norse history for a wide range of Scandinavian-America publications. In recognition of his work honoring early Scandinavian culture, Swenson was honored by the king and queen of Denmark.[11]  At the age of 70, Swenson, with his wife Sheila, began speaking and giving slide shows on cruise ships of Royal Caribbean, Celebrity, Norwegian, and Princess Cruise Lines about his books as well as about ports of call in the Caribbean, Baltic and other areas. Later they gave presentations about their travels to residents at senior centers and retirement facilities in Maine and New Hampshire.  Swenson is a member of the Overseas Press Club, affiliated with the National Press Club and Deadline Club.  He also was a long time member of the Garden Writers Association.  He helped found both the New England and Maine Chapters of the Association of Former Intelligence Officers.  Swenson and his wife Sheila raised four boys: Peter, Drew, Boyd and Meade who all live nearby in Maine with their families.  Swenson, Allan A  The Ships, Sagas, and Explorations of the Vikings   Skyhorse (September 13, 2014) ISBN 978-1602397705 Swenson, Allan A  Foods Jesus Ate and How to Grow Them  Skyhorse (February 15, 2011)[12][13] Swenson, Allan A  Great Growing at Home  Taylor Trade(January 28, 2008) ISBN 978-1589792654 Swenson, Allan A  Praising the Gifts of God  Citadel (September 1, 2005) ISBN 0806526556 Swenson, Allan A  Herbs of the Bible  Citadel (May 1, 2003) ISBN 978-0806524238[14] Illustrations by Peter Jon Swenson Swenson, Allan A  The Everything Landscaping Book  Adams Media Corporation (March 2003) ISBN 978-1580628617[15] Swenson, Allan A  The Everything Gardening Book  Adams Media Corporation (March 2003) ISBN 978-1580628600 Benson, Michael, Coulson, Daniel O and Swenson, Allan  The Complete Idiot's Guide to National Security Alpha (October 7, 2003) ISBN 978-1592571390 Swenson, Allan A  Flowers of the Bible: And How to Grow Them  Citadel (October 1, 2002)  ISBN 978-0806523149 Swenson Allan and Benson Michael  The Complete Idiot's Guide to the CIA  Alpha (August 1, 2002)I ISBN 978-0028643960 Swenson, Allan A  L.L.Bean Canoeing Handbook  Lyons (July 1, 2000) ISBN 978-1558219779 Swenson, Allan, Swenson, Boyd and Fink, Kathy  Rural York County, ME  Arcadia (June 6, 1995) ISBN 978-0738564173 Swenson, Allan A  Plants of the Bible: And How to Grow Them  Citadel (June 1, 2000) ISBN 978-0806516158[16][17] Swenson, Allan A  The Gardener's Book of Berries  Lyons (February 1, 1994) ISBN 978-1558212824 Swenson, Allan A  Fruit Trees for the Home Gardener  Lyons (October 1, 1994) ISBN 978-1558213081 Swenson, Allan A  Your Biblical Garden: Plants of the Bible and How to Grow Them  Doubleday (January 1981) ISBN 978-0385148986 Swenson, Allan A  Bush country by George!  Gannett (1981) ISBN 978-0930096298 Swenson, Allan A  Secrets of a Seashore  Gannett (June 1981) ISBN 978-0930096281 Swenson, Allan A  Wood Heat  Fawcett (January 12, 1980) ISBN 978 -0449142486 Swenson, Allan A  The world within the tidal pool  McKay (1979) ISBN 978-0679210535 Swenson, Allan A  100 Oldtime Roses for Gardens of Today  McKay (1979) ISBN 978-0679512509 Swenson, Allan A  The world beneath your feet: Animals that live underground  McKay (1978) 5 ISBN 978-0679204411 Swenson, Allan A  Plan Your Own Landscape  Grosset & Dunlap (1978) ISBN 978-0448143835 Swenson, Allan A  The Gardener's Almanac  Grosset & Dunlap (1978) ISBN 978-0448127828 Swenson, Allan A  The world above your head: Animals that live in trees, barns, and on cliffs  McKay (1978) ISBN 978-0679210511 Swenson, Allan A  Starting over: How to recharge your life-style and career A & W  Publishers (1978) ISBN 978-0894790188[5] Swenson, Allan A  Landscape You Can Eat  McKay (1977) ISBN 978-0679506478 Swenson, Allan A  Allan A Swenson's Big fun to grow book  McKay (1977)[18] Swenson, Allan A  Cultivating Carnivorous Plants  Book World (December 1976)  ISBN 978-0385111485 Swenson, Allan A  My Own Herb Garden  Rodale Pr (November 1976) ISBN 978-0878571291 Swenson, Allan A  The Inflation Fighter's Victory Garden  Ballantine Books (February 12, 1975) ISBN 978-0345242884 Swenson, Allan A  Terrariums  Fawcett (1975) Swenson, Allan A  The practical book of organic gardening  Award Books (1973)"
Triplophysa bellibarus;"   Triplophysa bellibarus is a species of stone loach in the genus Triplophysa.   The fish's name is the latinization of the Anglo-Saxon belly and bar, referring to the six brownish transverse bars on the abdomen.[1]      This Nemacheilidae article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
A Small Fortune;" A Small Fortune is a Canadian crime drama film, directed by Adam Perry and released in 2021.[1] The film stars Stephen Oates as Kevin Doucette, a man living in a small village in Prince Edward Island who makes a subsistence living harvesting sea moss on the coast, resisting the urging of his wife Sam (Liane Balaban) that he leave the province to look for more stable and well-paying work, one day he finds a large stash of money on the beach and hides it for himself, only to be drawn into danger when Troy (Joel Thomas Hynes) arrives looking for it.[2]  The cast also includes Matt Cooke and Andrea Bang as police officers.[2]  The film, Perry's feature directorial debut, was an expansion of his earlier short film A Blessing from the Sea, and received funding from Telefilm Canada in 2019.[3]  The film premiered at the FIN Atlantic Film Festival in September 2021,[4] and was screened at the Charlottetown Film Festival in October.[5] It was subsequently screened at the 2022 Manchester Film Festival, where it won the award for Best Screenplay,[6] and at the 2022 Canadian Film Festival,[7] before going into commercial release in April 2022.[1]  Chris Knight of Postmedia rated the film 3.5 stars out of five, writing that the film "carries with it appealing echoes of the Coen brothers’ classic No Country for Old Men. But it’s no copycat. This is a tightly written, expertly shot and well crafted story. It hails from the nation’s tiniest province, but it’s no small potatoes."[1]  Jennie Punter of Original Cin rated the film a B, and compared it more to Sam Raimi's 1998 film A Simple Plan. She wrote that "The performances, storytelling, visuals, and music (original score by Andrew Staniland) are all excellent, coming together in what is both a labour of love and an impressive calling card for writer-director Adam Perry."[2]  Daniel Reynolds of Brief Take rated the film only 2.5 stars, writing that "Unfortunately for his cast of characters, Perry’s film drags on just a tad too long. A Small Fortune does achieve what it set out to do, and sure, it does land on some decent enough images (especially where the plastic money is concerned). But we’ve already seen how this story tends to play out. And there’s just not quite enough here—Canadian or otherwise—to keep us engaged forever."[8]  September 18, 2021 (2021-09-18) (AFF)"
Silis (beetle);"   Hapalocrosilis Pic, 1916 Silis Dejean, 1821  Silis is a genus of soldier beetles in the family Cantharidae, found mostly in Europe and the Americas. There are at least 80 described species in Silis.[1][2][3]  These 88 species belong to the genus Silis:  Data sources: i = ITIS,[1] c = Catalogue of Life,[4] g = GBIF,[2] b = Bugguide.net[3]  Silis abdominalis Schaeffer, 1908 i g Silis abrupta Green, 1966 i g Silis abstrusa Green, 1966 i g Silis acuta Green, 1966 i g Silis alexanderi Fender, 1972 i g Silis angelica Green, 1966 i g Silis angulata Green, 1966 i g Silis arida Green, 1966 i g Silis arizonica van Dyke, 1918 i g Silis atra LeConte, 1884 i g Silis barri Green, 1966 i g Silis barticana Pic, 1908 g Silis bidentata (Say, 1825) i Silis californica Fender, 1948 i g Silis carbo van Dyke, 1918 i g Silis carmelita Green, 1966 i g b Silis cava LeConte, 1874 i g Silis constricta Green, 1966 i g Silis crucialis Green, 1966 i g b Silis dentigera Green, 1966 i g Silis deserticola van Dyke, 1918 i g Silis difficilis LeConte in Agassiz, 1850 i b Silis disjuncta Green, 1966 i g Silis divaricata Green, 1966 i g Silis egregia Green, 1966 i g Silis emarginata Green, 1966 i g Silis eximia Green, 1966 i g Silis fabulosa Green, 1966 i g Silis fenderi Green, 1966 i g Silis fenestrata van Dyke, 1918 i g Silis filicornis van Dyke, 1918 i g Silis filigera LeConte, 1874 i g Silis flavida LeConte, 1874 i g Silis fossiger LeConte, 1881 i g Silis freemani Brown, 1940 i g Silis greeni Fender, 1971 i g Silis howdeni Green, 1966 i g Silis humeralis Pic, 1909 g Silis incongrua Green, 1966 i g Silis insolita Green, 1966 i g Silis insperata Green, 1966 i g Silis introversa Green, 1966 i g Silis knulli Green, 1966 i g Silis lasseni Green, 1966 i g Silis latilobus Blatchley, 1910 i g Silis latistylus Green, 1966 i g Silis lecontei Green, 1966 i g Silis lemoulti Pic, 1909 g Silis lobata Green, 1966 i g Silis lutea LeConte in Melsheimer, 1853 i g b Silis macclayi Green, 1966 i g Silis maritima van Dyke, 1918 i g Silis montanica Green, 1966 i g Silis nevadica Green, 1966 i g Silis nigerrima Schaeffer, 1908 i g Silis nitidula (Fabricius, 1792) g Silis obtusa LeConte, 1874 i g Silis oregonensis Green, 1966 i g Silis pallida Mannerheim, 1843 i g b Silis parallela Green, 1966 i g Silis percomis (Say, 1835) i g b Silis perfoliata Green, 1966 i g Silis perforata LeConte, 1881 i g Silis peruviana Pic, 1906 g Silis protracta Green, 1966 i g Silis proxima Green, 1966 i g Silis recta Green, 1966 i g Silis reversa Green, 1966 i g Silis rogueti Constantin, 2012 g Silis ruficollis (Fabricius, 1775) g Silis rugosa van Dyke, 1918 i g Silis simulata Green, 1966 i g Silis singularis Green, 1966 i g Silis solitaria Green, 1966 i g Silis spathulata LeConte, 1881 i g b Silis spinigera LeConte, 1874 i g b Silis spinigerula Fender, 1972 i g Silis striatella Green, 1966 i g Silis subimpressa Pic, 1909 g Silis subtruncata Green, 1966 i g Silis tardella Green, 1966 i g Silis tenuata Green, 1966 i g Silis thermalis Green, 1966 i g Silis tricornis van Dyke, 1918 i g Silis triplicata Green, 1966 i g Silis ursina Green, 1966 i g Silis vandykei Green, 1966 i g Silis vulnerata LeConte, 1874 i g"
Henry M. Hoenigswald;" Henry Max Hoenigswald (17 April 1915  – 16 June 2003) was a German scholar of linguistics, who in 1939 escaped to the United States where he had a long and productive academic career as a scholar of historical linguistics at the University of Pennsylvania.  Hoenigswald was born Heinrich Max Franz Hönigswald in Breslau, Germany (now Wroclaw, Poland).[1] He was Professor of Linguistics at the University of Pennsylvania (1948–85, Emeritus). He married Gabriele Schoepflich in 1944 (she died in 2001, they had two daughters),  He was educated in the German Gymnasium, where he learned the classical languages, and trained as an Indo-Europeanist and a historical and comparative linguist in universities in Munich, Zurich, Padua, and Florence. His refugee status compelled these moves (his grandparents were Jewish, and by 1933 Jews were forbidden to attend German universities).[2] In 1939 he escaped to the United States, where he was at first a research assistant at Yale. He taught at the University of Pennsylvania from 1948 until his retirement in 1985. He was a member of the Linguistic Society of America, of which he was elected President in 1958, and a member of the American Philosophical Society for more than 30 years. He was elected to the National Academy of Sciences. He spent a year at Oxford in 1976 and was elected a Corresponding Fellow of the British Academy in 1986.  His arrival in the United States meant not only an end of political oppression but also working contact with scholars who were establishing linguistics as a science, notably Zellig Harris. Deeply familiar with the solid work done by historical linguists, but skeptical by nature,[3] he rapidly came to question their stated rationale and justification for these results,[4] "the gap between substantive practice and theoretical preachment".[5] His work included on the one hand specific penetrating studies in Indo-European and Classical linguistics, and on the other fundamental work in the theory of historical linguistics, some of the first and most lastingly important attempts at formalization of the techniques of historical comparison and reconstruction.  His major work Language change and linguistic reconstruction (Hoenigswald 1960) recapitulates and epitomizes his thinking and his way of working.[6] It exemplifies well several cardinal features of all his work: his conciseness of expression, his formal methods, his recognition that changes, whether in phonology, morphology, or semantics, are changes in the distribution of elements relative to one another, including nil as an element, and his conviction that it is not proper to present historical materials "downward, as history" but rather "upward in time, as inference".[7]  Personally, he was deeply committed to liberal causes, and strongly averse to cant and rhetoric of any kind.[8] His generosity to deserving students "was rewarded with feelings of intellectual admiration and personal warmth toward him"[9] that persist.  Hoenigswald died in Haverford, Pennsylvania at the age of 88.  University of Pennsylvania  Guggenheim Fellowship (1950)  1945–47. Spoken Hindustani, I and II. New York: Henry Holt. 1960. Language Change and Linguistic Reconstruction. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. 232 pp. 1970. Indo-European and Indo-Europeans. [Co-editor with G. Cardona and A. Senn.] Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press. 440 pp. 1973. Studies in Formal Historical Linguistics. Dordrecht: Reidel. 63 pp. 1979. The European Background of American Linguistics: Papers of the Third Golden Anniversary Symposium of the Linguistic Society of America.[Editor.] Lisse: Foris Publishers. 180 pp. 1987. Biological Metaphor and Cladistic Classification. [Co-editor with Linda F. Wiener.] Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press. 286 pp. 1989. General and Amerindian Ethnolinguistics: In Remembrance of Stanley Newman. [Co-editor with M. R. Key.] Berlin/New York: DeGruyter. 499 pp."
WBZL;" WBZL may refer to:  WBZL (FM), a radio station (103.3 FM) licensed to serve Greenwood, Mississippi, United States WSFL-TV, a television station (channel 39) licensed to serve Miami, Florida, United States, which held the call sign WBZL from 1998 to 2006"
Kalaa;" Kalaa is a town and commune in Relizane Province, Algeria.[1]  Coordinates: 35°34′50″N 0°19′42″E﻿ / ﻿35.58056°N 0.32833°E﻿ / 35.58056, 0.32833    This article about a location in Relizane Province is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Consider adding a topic to this template: there are already 382 articles in the main category, and specifying|topic= will aid in categorization. Do not translate text that appears unreliable or low-quality. If possible, verify the text with references provided in the foreign-language article. You must provide copyright attribution in the edit summary accompanying your translation by providing an interlanguage link to the source of your translation. A model attribution edit summary is Content in this edit is translated from the existing Arabic Wikipedia article at [[:aR:القلعة (ولاية غليزان)]], see its history for attribution. You should also add the template {{Translated|aR|القلعة (ولاية غليزان)}} to the talk page. For more guidance, see Wikipedia:Translation."
Larry Donald;" Larry Ali Donald (born January 6, 1967) is an American former professional boxer. As an amateur he won a bronze medal in the super heavyweight division at the 1991 World Championships and won a gold medal at the 1992 World Championship Challenge and becoming amateur world Super heavyweight champion going into the 1992 Olympic Games represented the United States at the 1992 Olympics. During his professional career, he defeated the likes of Evander Holyfield, Jeremy Williams, Bert Cooper, Tim Witherspoon, and Ross Puritty.  Donald was the American representative at Super Heavyweight at the 1992 Barcelona Olympic Games. His results were:  In addition to his Olympic run, Donald had a successful amateur career, including:  He also won the World Championship Challenge in Tampa, Florida, March 13–14, 1992, right before going into the 1992 Summer Olympics.  Donald finished his with 72 fights, completing a record of 67 wins, 5 losses.[1]  Larry "The Legend" Donald turned pro on January 3, 1993, earning a technical knockout against Craig Brinson. In 1994 he beat fellow undefeated prospect Jeremy Williams, and Bert Cooper, but suffered his first defeat when losing widely to ex-champ Riddick Bowe, who had infamously sucker punched Donald twice at the pre-fight press conference.  He resurfaced in late 1997 outpointing ex-champ Tim Witherspoon, but spent many years fighting low profile on Don King under cards, unpopular with fans and the press for his negative, ultra-defensive and extremely unentertaining style.  In July 2001 he had a high-profile world title eliminator with Kirk Johnson, 31–0–1, but lost a close decision.  In 2002 he traveled to Germany to face Vitali Klitschko. Even at the age of 35, Donald was considered one of the most durable fighters in the world, but the heavy hitting Klitschko surprisingly stopped the veteran, decking him three times in the 10th round.  Although things looked over, Donald seemingly reinvented himself in November 2004 with an upset win over the legendary Evander Holyfield, winning nearly every round against the Hall of Famer ex-champ for the NABC World Champion Title.  In 2005, Donald controversially lost a title eliminator bout to giant-sized Russian Nicolay Valuev which would have earned him the right to fight John Ruiz for the WBA belt.  On July 30, 2007, Donald returned to ring to face Alexander Povetkin, and lost a lopsided decision.  1st round bye Defeated Nikolay Kulpin (Unified Team/Former Soviet Union) RSC 3 (0:02) Lost to Roberto Balado (Cuba) 4–10 National Golden Gloves Super Heavyweight Champion (1989, 1990) United States National Amateur Champion at Super Heavyweight (1991)"
Morrison Rocks;" The Morrison Rocks (76°51′S 117°39′W﻿ / ﻿76.850°S 117.650°W﻿ / -76.850, -117.650Coordinates: 76°51′S 117°39′W﻿ / ﻿76.850°S 117.650°W﻿ / -76.850, -117.650) are a group of rocks which outcrop along the southern slope of Mount Frakes, in the Crary Mountains of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica. They were mapped by the United States Geological Survey from ground surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photographs, 1959–66, and were named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Paul W. Morrison, U.S. Navy, a hospital corpsman at South Pole Station in 1974.[1]   This article incorporates public domain material from "Morrison Rocks". Geographic Names Information System. United States Geological Survey.  This Marie Byrd Land location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Milk Street;" Milk Street may refer to:  Milk Street, London Milk Street, Boston Milk Street (MBTA station), now State station Milk Street (MBTA station), now State station Christopher Kimball's Milk Street"
List of rivers of Paraguay;"   This is a list of rivers in Paraguay.  This list is arranged by drainage basin, with respective tributaries indented under each larger stream's name.      Paraná River Paraguay River Tebicuary River Pilcomayo River Salado River Paraguay River Tebicuary River Pilcomayo River Salado River Tebicuary River Pilcomayo River Salado River Piribebuy River Confuso River Manduvirá River Jejuy River Yhagüy River Aguaray-Guazú River Negro River Aguaray-Guazú River Jejuí Guazú River Curuguaty River Monte Lindo River Ypané River Aquidabán River Verde River Apa River Melo River Tímane River Bamburral River or Negro Monday River Acaray River Yguazú River Ytambey River Carapá River Piribebuy River Confuso River Manduvirá River Jejuy River Yhagüy River Aguaray-Guazú River Negro River Aguaray-Guazú River Jejuí Guazú River Curuguaty River Monte Lindo River Ypané River Aquidabán River Verde River Apa River Melo River Tímane River Bamburral River or Negro Piribebuy River Confuso River Manduvirá River Jejuy River Yhagüy River Yhagüy River Aguaray-Guazú River Negro River Aguaray-Guazú River Aguaray-Guazú River Jejuí Guazú River Curuguaty River Curuguaty River Monte Lindo River Ypané River Aquidabán River Verde River Apa River Melo River Tímane River Bamburral River or Negro Monday River Acaray River Yguazú River Yguazú River Ytambey River Carapá River Rivers of Paraguay List of rivers of the Americas by coastline Rand McNally, The New International Atlas, 1993. "GEONet Names Server". National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. Retrieved June 25, 2021., GEOnet Names Server v t e Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Ecuador Guyana Paraguay Peru Suriname Uruguay Venezuela Falkland Islands French Guiana South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands"
1970 Stockholm Open;" The 1970 Stockholm Open was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts and part of the 1970 Pepsi-Cola Grand Prix and took place at the Kungliga tennishallen in Stockholm, Sweden. The tournament was held from 1 November through 7 November 1970. Stan Smith won the singles title.   Stan Smith defeated  Arthur Ashe, 5–7, 6–4, 6–4   Arthur Ashe /  Stan Smith defeated  Bob Carmichael /  Owen Davidson, 6–0, 5–7, 7–5 "
Schlossbach (Inn);" The Schlossbach is a river of Tyrol, Austria, a left tributary of the Inn.  The Schlossbach rises below the Reither Spitze in the municipality of Reith bei Seefeld and flows in a north to south direction. After around 1.5 km (0.93 mi) it collects the river Grieskarbach from the left. In its upper reaches is a gorge, the Schlossbachklamm (location: 47°17′49″N 11°14′20″E﻿ / ﻿47.297059°N 11.238778°E﻿ / 47.297059, 11.238778[2]). This is traversed at a height of 60 metres (200 ft) by the Schlossbach Bridge  which carries the track of the Mittenwald Railway. The railway bridge is a 66-metre-long (217 ft),[3] trussed arch structure made of steel and a popular photograph subject.  After emerging from the narrow gorge into the Inn valley, the Schlossbach flows through Zirl and empties into the Inn southwest of the village. Together with the Ehnbach further east, it has pushed the Inn southwards and piled up the alluvial fan on which Zirl has been built.    This article related to a river in Austria is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This Tyrol location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Kanaya Station;" Kanaya Station (金谷駅, Kanaya-eki) is an interchange railway station in the city of Shimada, Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan, operated by Central Japan Railway Company (JR Central). The station is also used by the Ōigawa Railway.  Kanaya Station is served by the Tōkaidō Main Line, and is located 212.9 kilometers from the starting point of the line at Tokyo Station. It is also a terminus of the Ōigawa Railway’s Ōigawa Main Line and is 39.5 kilometers form the opposing terminus at Senzu Station.  JR Kanaya Station has a two opposing side platforms serving Track 1 and Track 2 which are on headshunts, allowing for tracks for express trains to pass in between. The platforms are connected to the station building by an underpass. The station building has automated ticket machines, TOICA automated turnstiles and a staffed ticket office.  The adjacent Ōigawa Kanaya Station has a single side platform. The platform is equipped with Selective Door Operation, as trains longer than four cars in length are too long for the platform. The station originally was built with a terminal headshunt, which is no longer in existence.  |-  Kanaya Station was opened on May 16, 1890, a year after when the section of the Tōkaidō Main Line connecting Shizuoka with Hamamatsu was completed. The Ōigawa Railway service began on June 10, 1927. Regularly scheduled freight service was discontinued in 1971.  In fiscal 2017, the JR portion station was used by an average of 2,019 passengers daily and the Ōigawa Railway portion by 277 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).[1]   JR Central  Ōigawa Railway  Tokaido Main Line ■ Ōigawa Main Line Shizuoka Airport Suwahara Castle ruins List of Railway Stations in Japan"
Munna-A Love Story;"   Munna-A Love Story ,   is a 2008 Indian Oriya film directed by N. Padhi This movie is unofficial remake of Bollywood movie Jeet, starring Salman Khan, Karishma Kapoor and Sunny Deol.[1][2] [3]  "Munna" played by Ollywood superstar Anubhav is a gangster in the film who works under the influence of a Mafia Don played by Mihir Das. Munna's life revolves around his crime world and his mother. A girl named "Nisha" played by Naina Dash works as a Bar Dancer and she loves Munna but has never told anything about her love to Munna. In the past Munna had loved a girl whom for some reasons he could not marry and his love interest played by Romi latter on marries Dushmant who plays the role of a cop. When at one point of time Munna was given a contract of killing the cop played by Dushmant he soon realises that the cop is now the husband of Munna's past Love interest "Pooja".The story forwards with a flashback showing the love story of Munna and what happened due to which he could not marry the girl in the past.[4]  The Movie made on a medium budget got a wonderful opening across all the theaters but due to its weak storyline and average Music, the collections started to drop from its 2nd week. Various other factors like rains, strikes and Orissa Bandh also affected the business of the movie. The film did an average business at the box office.[5]  15 August 2008 (2008-08-15) Anubhav Mohanty  as Munna Dushmant Romi as Pooja Naina Das as Nisha Mihir Das as Mafia Don Anita Das Rai Mohan"
Robert Kuczyński;" Robert Kuczyński (born 17 April 1966) is a Polish chess player who won the Polish Chess Championship in 1987. FIDE Grandmaster (1993).  Robert Kuczyński twice won the Polish Junior Chess Championship: U-18 in 1980 (Chełmno), and U-20 in 1985 (Wrocław). From 1985 to 2001 he played sixteen times in the Polish Chess Championship's finals. He won gold (1987),[1] two silver (1988, 1989) and two bronze (1986, 1993) medals. In Polish Team Chess Championships Kuczyński won eight medals: seven gold (1989, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1999, 2000, 2001) and silver (1998).[2] He was awarded the International Master title in 1986 and Grandmaster title in 1993.  In 1986 Kuczyński achieved great success, winning the young master's tournament in Oakham (before Viswanathan Anand).[3] In 1991, shared second place (with Oleg Romanishin) in Rubinstein Memorial in Polanica-Zdrój.[4] In 1994 Kuczyński won tournament in Legnica,[5] and in 1999 shared first place in the Swiss-system tournament in Görlitz.[6]  Robert Kuczyński played for Poland in Chess Olympiads:[7]  Robert Kuczyński played for Poland in European Team Chess Championship:[8]  In 1986, won individual bronze medal at reserve board in the 27th Chess Olympiad in Dubai (+6, =3, -1), In 1988, at third board in the 28th Chess Olympiad in Thessaloniki (+4, =2, -3), In 1990, at third board in the 29th Chess Olympiad in Novi Sad (+2, =5, -1), In 1992, at second board in the 30th Chess Olympiad in Manila (+3, =7, -2), In 1994, at first board in the 31st Chess Olympiad in Moscow (+1, =5, -4), In 1996, at fourth board in the 32nd Chess Olympiad in Yerevan (+1, =6, -0). In 1989, at third board in the 9th European Team Chess Championship in Haifa (+2, =1, -4), In 1992, won individual bronze medal at third board in the 10th European Team Chess Championship in Debrecen (+3, =6, -0)."
Balduin Möllhausen;" Heinrich Balduin Möllhausen (27 January 1825—28 May 1905) was a German writer, traveler and artist who visited the United States and participated in three separate expeditions exploring the American frontier. After his travel he became a popular and prolific author of adventure stories based on his experiences in America. It is estimated that he produced at least forty-five large works in 157 volumes and eighty novelettes in twenty-one volumes. His popularity and subject matter earned him recognition as the German Fenimore Cooper.  Möllhausen was born near Bonn, Prussia, on 27 January 1825. He was the oldest son of Heinrich Möllhausen, a military officer, and Elisabeth Möllhausen, the Baronesse von Falkenstein.[1] His mother died when he was young and the children were left in the care of relatives while his father traveled about Europe. Financial concerns obligated him to terminate his gymnasium studies in Bonn prematurely. He worked some at agriculture in Pomerania and considered a career in the army but after his experience fighting in the Revolutions of 1848, he left Europe for America in 1849.[2] For the next two years he roamed the frontier in Illinois and Missouri, hunting and occasionally finding work as a sign painter or court clerk.[3]  In 1851 Möllhausen met Duke Paul Wilhelm of Württemberg, a fellow German who was setting out on a scientific expedition to the Rocky Mountains. Möllhausen asked to join the party and was brought along as a scout and draftsman for the journey across the plains to Fort Laramie. They reached the fort without issue but on the trip back they faced numerous difficulties including a prairie fire, hostile Indians and an early winter snowstorm that killed their horses and left them stranded on the prairie. Eventually a mail coach appeared with only enough room to take one of them back to civilization, the duke took the coach leaving Möllhausen  to wait until help could be sent. Möllhausen spent months dealing with hostile Indians, famine, and cold. In early January, 1852 a friendly band of Otoes rescued him and several months later he reached New Orleans for a reunion with the duke.[3]  Möllhausen stayed with the duke at his home in New Orleans for a few months and then accepted an offer from the Prussian consul in Saint Louis to accompany a shipment of zoo animals to Berlin. After an absence of nearly four years, Möllhausen returned home in January 1853.[3]  The director of the Berlin Zoo, Hinrich Lichtenstein, introduced Möllhausen to Alexander von Humboldt and they became close friends. Humboldt served as Möllhausen's mentor and patron, encouraging his artistic talents and helping with his first efforts at writing. He also met his future wife, Carolina Alexandra Seifert, who was living at Humboldt's home. Supposedly the daughter of Humboldt's private secretary, there were rumors that Siefert was actually Humboldt's child. In any case, Humboldt showed both Siefert and Möllhausen special favor  and it was his guidance that advanced Möllhausen's intellectual and professional life.[3]  At the urging of Humboldt, Möllhausen returned to America in May 1854, carrying a letter of recommendation from his patron. In Washington D.C. he was hired as a topographer and draftsman for an expedition through the western United States to survey a possible route for a proposed transcontinental railway. Under the leadership of Lieutenant Amiel W. Whipple, the party proceeded from Fort Smith, Arkansas, along the thirty-fifth parallel to southern California. In addition to his work in topography, Möllhausen served as a naturalist and made sketches of landscapes and local inhabitants encountered along the way. Most of the illustrations published in Whipple's report were provided by Möllhausen.[4] By March 1854, they had reached California where the group disbanded and he returned home, reaching Berlin in August 1854.[2][3]  In January 1855 King Frederick William IV provided Möllhausen with a lifetime appointment as custodian of the royal libraries in and around Potsdam, a position that was created at the request of Humboldt. The sinecure left him largely free to pursue his interests in travel and writing. On 6 February 1855 he married Carolina.[2] In 1858 he published his diary of the Whipple expedition, Tagebuch einer Reise vom Mississippi nach den Küsten der Südsee (Diary of a Journey from the Mississippi to the Coasts of the Pacific). The reception of his first book was favorable, especially with the help of Humboldt's active promotion.[3]  In 1857 Lieutenant Joseph Christmas Ives invited Möllhausen to join his expedition to test the navigability of the Colorado River and investigate the Grand Canyon. He accepted the offer and was appointed "artist and collector in natural history." The exploring party assembled in San Francisco in October 1857 and then proceeded to Fort Yuma on the Colorado River. From there they traveled up the Colorado some 530 miles, first in a small steamer built specifically for the trip, and when the river became too shallow, they continued on foot to the Grand Canyon. After exploring the Grand Canyon, they left the river and headed east, reaching Fort Defiance where the expedition ended on May 23, 1858.[5]  Results of their exploration were presented by Ives in Report Upon the Colorado River of the West (1861). The illustrations prepared by Möllhausen for the Ives report were some of the first views of the Grand Canyon ever published.[4]  Möllhausen left America for the last time, returning to Germany on September 1, 1858. Using his sketchbooks from the expedition he painted watercolor illustrations that he sent back to Washington for use in Ives' report. In 1861 he published an illustrated diary of his last journey, Reisen in die Felsengebirge Nord-Amerikas bis zum Hoch-Plateau von Neu-Mexico ("Traveling in the Rocky Mountains of North America up to the High Plateau of New Mexico").[1]  For the next forty-seven years, the first twenty-eight in Potsdam, and after 1886 in Berlin, he devoted himself to writing adventure stories inspired by his experiences in America. His output over a long career was immense, at least forty-five large works in 157 volumes and eighty novelettes in twenty-one volumes. The full extent of his output is hard to estimate—his works were published in newspapers, magazines, and anthologies by a variety of publishers. Despite the fact that America was the central focus of his writings, only his first two travel diaries were ever translated into English.[2][3]  Möllhausen's first three novels--Der Halbindianer ("The Half-Breed", 1861), Der Flüchtling ("The Refugee", 1861), and Der Majordomo (1863)--form a loose trilogy and are set on the American frontier in Missouri, Louisiana, New Mexico, and California: all areas he knew intimately from his previous travels. Der Meerkönig ("The Sea-King", 1867) introduced his more typical formula, dividing each plot evenly between the New World and the Old, with Germany, Scotland, and Norway providing the backdrop for the European part of the action. He was an especially popular author in Germany from about 1860 to 1880 and became known as the German Fenimore Cooper.[3]  Möllhausen died on 28 May 1905 in Berlin. At his request, he was buried in his old buckskin coat in which he claimed to have spent his happiest hours.  A collection of his works was published (1906–13), under title of Illustrierte Romane, Reisen und Abenteuer (“Illustrated novels, travels and adventure”).  Tagebuch einer Reise vom Mississippi nach den Küsten der Südsee ("Diary of a trip along the Mississippi to the Gulf", Leipzig, 1858, English translation by Mrs. Sinnett: Diary of a Journey from the Mississippi to the Coasts of the Pacific with a United States Government Expedition. 2 vols. London: Longman Brown Green Longmans & Roberts, 1858, 2d German ed., entitled Wanderungen durch die Prairien und Wüsten des westlichen Nordamerika, 1860) Reisen in die Felsengebirge Nordamerikas bis zum Hochplateau von Neu-Mexiko ("Traveling in the Rocky Mountains of North America up to the high plateau of New Mexico", 2 vols., Leipzig, 1861) Die Halbindianer ("The Halfbreeds", 1861) Der Flüchtling: Erzählung aus Neu-Mexiko (“The Refugee:  A tale from New Mexico”, 1862) Palmblätter und Schneeflocken: Erzählung aus dem fernen Westen (“Palm leaves and snowflakes:  A tale from the far west”, 2 vols., 1863) Der Mayordomo: Erzählung aus dem südl. Californien und Neu-Mexiko (“The majordomo:  A tale from Southern California and New Mexico”, 4 vols., 1863) Das Mormonenmädchen (“The Mormon maiden”, 6 vols., 1864) Reliquien: Erzählung aus dem westlichen Nordamerika (“Relics:  A tale from the west of North America”, 3 vols., Berlin, 1865) Die Mandanenwaise: Erzählung aus den Rheinlanden und dem Stromgebiet des Missouri (“The Mandan orphan:  A tale from the Rhinelands and the Missouri River Valley”, 4 vols., 1865), Der Meerkönig: Eine Erzählung in 3 Abtheilungen, ("The Sea-King, 6 volumes, 1867) Nord und Süd: Erzählungen und Schilderungen aus dem westlichen Nordamerika (“North and South:  Tales and depictions from the west of North America”, 2 vols., Jena, 1867) Das Monogramm (1874) Die beiden Yachten (“The two yachts”, 1891) Der Spion (“The Spy”, 1893) Das Fegefeuer in Frappes Wigwam (“Purgatory in Frappe's Wigwam”, 1900)"
Sergei Ukharev;" Sergei Yuryevich Ukharev (Russian: Серге́й Юрьевич Ухарев, born 24 February 1985) is a former Russian professional football player.  He played in the Russian Football National League for FC SKA-Energiya Khabarovsk in 2005.    This biographical article related to a Russian association football defender born in the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.   Sergei Ukharev at FootballFacts.ru  (in Russian) Sergei Ukharev at Soccerway v t e"
Fire and Ice (1986 film);" Fire and Ice (German: Feuer und Eis) is a German feature length sports film directed by Willy Bogner in 1986.  John (John Eaves) and Suzy (Suzy Chaffee) meet while skiing in Aspen, Colorado. They run into each other again in New York and John follows her around the country.  In alphabetical order  While the movie has a plot, it is essentially irrelevant. The movie contains mainly freestyle skiing scenes with Willy Bogner as director and cameraman. John Denver does the voiceover narration for the English-language version, Emil Steinberger for the German version. Besides skiing scenes, the movie contains snowboarding, hanggliding and windsurfing scenes with sports talents Gianfranco L'Amore, Jan Bucher and Mike Waltze. Marietta Waters performed the title track Fire and Ice. With Fire and Ice, Bogner won the Bavarian Film Awards (Special Prize) in 1986, and a Bambi in 1985. Bogner directed a kind of sequel in 1990, named Fire, Ice and Dynamite.    This article about a sports-related film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Kelby Anno as Wind Surfer Philippe Bernard as Hangglider Scott Brooksbank as Skier Jan Bucher as Skier Suzy Chaffee as Suzy John Denver as Narrator (voice) John Eaves as Skier Masayoshi Hija as Cowboy Wolfgang Junginger as Skier Suzy Kay as Skier Wong Kong as Cowboy Gianfranco L'Amore as Crazy Skier Steve Link as Snow Surfer Ann McIntire as Skier Kathy Pelowski as Waitress Bob Salerno as Skier Jan Schwartz as Skier Matt Schweitzer as Wind Surfer Tom Sims as Snow Surfer Mike Waltze as Wind Surfer Jennifer Wilson as Ribbon Dancer Fire and Ice at IMDb v t e"
League of Legends Challenger Series;"   The League of Legends Challenger Series (CS) were two professional League of Legends leagues, one in Europe (EU CS) and one in North America (NA CS), that were the second highest level of professional League of Legends in those regions. The two highest-placing teams from the Challenger Series played in the League of Legends Promotion Tournament against the two lowest-placing League of Legends Championship Series (LCS) teams, the winners of which were promoted to the Championship Series in each region, whereas the losers were relegated to the Challenger Series.[1] The league was announced in December 2013 and began play for the Spring 2014 season.[2] Both the NA and EU CS were discontinued in 2018 in preparation for league franchising. "
Jane Franklin Hall;"   Jane Franklin Hall in Hobart, Australia is an independent non-denominational residential college of the University of Tasmania. Familiarly referred to as "Jane", it was founded by the Tasmanian Council of Churches in 1950 as a residential college for women before becoming co-educational in 1973. Jane is a non-denominational Christian institution supported by chaplains of various Christian traditions and is the only college in the Oxbridge style attached to the university.[1]  Although there is no direct link between them, the college is named in honour of Jane, Lady Franklin, wife of the famous but ill-fated Arctic explorer Sir John Franklin, who from 1837 to 1843 was the sixth Lieutenant-Governor of Van Diemen's Land. The college embraces Lady Franklin as a namesake, placing a high value on education and community wellbeing.  Jane Franklin Hall was founded by the Tasmanian Council of Churches in 1950 as a non-denominational Christian College, and the first college for female students of the University of Tasmania. The College takes its name from Jane, Lady Franklin. She was a knowledgeable and enthusiastic patron of the arts and education. Her husband was the famous but ill-fated arctic explorer Sir John Franklin, who from 1837 to 1843 was the sixth Lieutenant-Governor of Van Diemen's Land (Tasmania). At a time when women were meant to stay in the domestic sphere Jane, Lady Franklin held lectures and evening parties with intellectual conversation. She invited and inspired local women, who she saw as 'living in seclusion', to acquire a love of reading and study. The College became co-educational in 1973.[2]  Jane Franklin Hall is situated in South Hobart, on one of Hobart’s many hills overlooking the city. Situated almost in the middle between the Sandy Bay and city campus, Jane is a 30 minute walk or short bus ride on the Jane Bus to all university sites.[3]  Aldridge – A 1970s style building covered in lush Virginia creeper, Aldridge is the first building off Elboden Street. It is named after a large home owned by the Allport family that used to grace its grounds. The College’s office is on the bottom floor of Aldridge, and the rest of the building is made up of student rooms.   Michael Webber House – Named after a respected, long serving member of the College Council, ‘Webber’ is one of the few Hobart houses built in the Arts and Crafts architectural style of the early 1900s. It contains the Edwin Pitman Common Room (known as the “Eddy P”) and ten large bedrooms. Webber is occupied by selected senior students who may prefer to self-cater.  Horton – The second building along the driveway, Horton houses approximately 40 residents, the Horton Common Room (known as “the H”),College laundry, weights room and a kitchen for weekend baking hobbies.   Asten – Asten is the home of the Kitchen and Dining Hall, Student Club Committee office and approximately 52 residents.  Barrett – Originally called ‘Clothea’, Barrett is a gracious 1880s Victorian home where the first students of Jane lived. It is named after a College founder, Archdeacon Barrett. The high vaulted ceilings and seven larger rooms are typically allocated by academic merit and community contribution. Barrett is home to the senior common room, Reflection Room and the link room, containing a full sized grand piano. It also houses the Collection of Medical Artefacts (COMA), an extensive collection of medical memorabilia, run as its own entity.   Vines – Built in the 1950s, Vines is the first dedicated College development of Jane Franklin Hall. Vines is named after former Principal Miss Kirsty Vines. It has its own 1950s quirks, most notably the shorter beds, installed when people were shorter and the College was all women. The college library and approximately 26 students are located in Vines, which is opposite the bus stop.  Fleming - A smaller area of the College, Fleming is named after former Principal, Miss Ruth Fleming. The wing is made up of seven rooms with ensuite bathrooms.  On the top floor is the Coffee Lounge, converted from a former College laundry. It is used for quiet study or recreation.   The Frances Parsons Building – The Frances Parsons Building hosts tutorials, play and band rehearsals, social functions and various other events.  It is named in honour of founding student of the College, Ms Frances Parsons, who later became the first alumna appointed as Principal of the College. The building overlooks the tennis court and has views of Sandy Bay and the Derwent River.   The Lodge – Formerly the home of successive College Principals,   the Lodge is a large, three story home now available a self catered option for selected senior students. It has views of Sandy Bay and the River Derwent.   The Fenton wing- Named in honour of Fellow of the College, Dr Karla Fenton OAM, this is the most recent addition to Jane, linking Horton and Aldridge. It features three self-contained apartments for post graduate students.   The Grounds – The grounds include maintained lawns and gardens.  Pre-dinner drinks are served on the main lawn after the Commencement Ceremony. Backyard cricket is regularly played on the main lawn during the cricket season, and a barbecue is available for use.   All residents have access to an in-house academic support programme which provides subject tutorials in addition to those regular to a university course.  Access to study facilities is provided throughout the semester and during the period just prior to and throughout the university examination period the college enters swot vac.  This quiet time requires residents to be particularly mindful of their noise levels so that all residents are able to study.  Upon entry to Jane, all residents become members of the Jane Franklin Hall Student Club.  Residents can accept nomination to a position on the Student Club Committee and/or various sub-committees by election, and are then charged with representing students or organising activities.  The following sports and activities are played between Jane Franklin Hall, Christ College and John Fisher College in an intercollege sports competition: Rugby, Tennis, Table Tennis, Volleyball, Softball, Cricket, Netball, Australian Rules football, Soccer, Basketball and Debating.  As well as the intercollege sports, the College holds annual theatrical productions, student art exhibitions, music soirees and competitions, and philosophy and religion discussion groups.  The College provides three meals a day, seven days a week, with an extra afternoon tea and supper provided each day of the SwotVac and exam periods.   Every second Monday of the semester, students don academic gowns for a three-course meal complete with candelabra and the wearing of College ties or brooches. The Principal hosts staff and special guests at the high table, grace is said - often in Latin - and a member of College acknowledges the traditional owners of the land, the Mouheneener people.   In 2018, the College resumed management of the kitchen, having engaged an external catering company for a number of years. The College now employs its own Catering Manager and staff.  Principal – is the CEO of the College, overseeing all aspects of College life including its strategic direction and culture. Dean of Students – oversees resident staff and assists the Principal with the management of residents’ welfare. Senior Residents – a Senior Resident (SR) is a postgraduate or senior student available at all times that the Office is closed and is trained in various support skills including first aid, mental health, harassment and discrimination awareness, crisis management, conflict resolution and study skills. Fellows – Fellows are members of the Jane community who are available to residents, particularly during College functions, and assist with mentoring and career guidance.  There are approximately 40 Fellows representing most disciplines of the university. Chaplains – chaplains from the Anglican, Catholic and Uniting Churches are available to residents for confidential support and counselling on an opt-in, opt-out basis. George Bailey – Test cricketer, captain of Australian T20 team and member of Australian ODI team, Cricket Australia's Chief Selector for the men's program. David Bushby – Australian Consul-General in Chicago and former Chief Government Whip in the Senate Enid Campbell – Legal scholar, first female law professor and law school dean in Australasia Jonathon Duniam – Liberal Senator Marilyn Lake – Australian historian Denise Swan – former Liberal politician and Deputy Leader of the Opposition in Tasmania David Arnason – Author Meurig Bowen – Musician and journalist Freda Briggs – Academic, author and child protection advocate Bob Brown – Politician, medical doctor, environmentalist and former Leader of the Australian Greens John Bryson – Author and lawyer Peter Coleman – Politician, former editor of The Bulletin and Quadrant Bryce Courtenay – Author John Dalgleish Donaldson – Mathematics academic and father of Mary, Crown Princess of Denmark Beverley Farmer – Author Iain Finlay – Author and journalist Bill Hayden – former Governor-General and Opposition Leader Tim Heald – Writer and journalist Shirley Jeffrey – Marine biochemist Janet Laurence – Author David Leaman – Structural geologist, geohydrologist and geophysicist Susan Moody – Writer E. J. G. Pitman – Mathematician Ngawang Samten – Philosopher and monk Roger Sandall – Essayist and academic Jan Sedivka – Violinist and former Director of the Tasmanian Conservatorium of Music Gareth Sparham – Philosopher and monk Michael Tate – Catholic Vicar General of Tasmania, legal academic, diplomat and former Federal Minister for Justice Kate Warner – Governor of Tasmania and legal academic Joan Woodberry – Author and teacher"
Crystal Palace F.C.;"   Crystal Palace Football Club is a professional football club based in Selhurst in the Borough of Croydon, South London, England, who compete in the Premier League, the highest level of English football. Although formally created as a professional outfit in 1905, the club's origins can be traced as far back as 1861, when an amateur Crystal Palace football team was established at the Crystal Palace Exhibition building. This has led to claims by the club that Crystal Palace should be recognised as the oldest professional football club in the world,[1] after historians discovered a lineage through the Crystal Palace Company.[6][7] Both the amateur and professional clubs played inside the grounds of the Palace, with the professional club using the FA Cup Final stadium for its home games until 1915, when they were forced to leave due to the outbreak of the First World War. In 1924, they moved to their current home at Selhurst Park.  The amateur club became one of the original founder members of the Football Association in 1863,[8] and competed in the first ever FA Cup competition in 1871–72, reaching the semi-finals where they lost to the Royal Engineers.[9] They played in the FA Cup over the next four seasons, but disappeared from historical records after a match against Barnes F.C. on 18 December 1875.[6] Shortly after Crystal Palace returned to existence in 1905 as a professional club, they applied for election to the Football League, but were rejected and instead played in the Southern League. Palace did eventually join the Football League in 1920, and have overall spent the majority of their league history competing in the top two tiers of English football. Since 1964, they have only dropped below the second tier once, for three seasons between 1974 and 1977. During their period in the top flight in the late 1980s and early 1990s, the club achieved their highest ever league finish of third place in the old First Division, now known as the Premier League, in the 1990–91 season. Palace were unfortunate to miss out on qualification for the UEFA Cup at the end of that season due to the limited number of European places available to English clubs after the lifting of the UEFA ban caused by the Heysel Stadium disaster. It was also during this period that Palace reached the 1990 FA Cup Final losing to Manchester United after a replay, and they became founder members of the Premier League in 1992. Following their relegation from the Premier League in 1998, Palace went into decline after suffering financial problems which resulted in the club going into administration twice in 1999 and 2010, but they recovered and returned to the Premier League in 2013 where they have remained ever since, and reached another FA Cup final in 2016, again finishing runners-up to Manchester United.  The club's kit colours were claret and blue until 1973, when they changed to the red and blue vertical stripes worn today. Palace have a long-standing and fierce rivalry with Brighton & Hove Albion,[10] and also share strong rivalries with fellow South London clubs Millwall and Charlton Athletic.  In 1854, the Crystal Palace Exhibition building had been relocated from Hyde Park, London and rebuilt in an area of South London next to Sydenham Hill. This area was renamed Crystal Palace which included the Crystal Palace Park that surrounded the site where various sports facilities were built. The Crystal Palace Company who owned the exhibition building founded the Crystal Palace Club in 1857 to play cricket before turning their attention to football. It had been lobbied by existing members of the cricket club to provide a continuation of sporting activities during the winter months. The company formed an amateur Crystal Palace football club in 1861. All of the football club's management-committee and most of its original players were previously members of the cricket club,[11] and they shared the same pitch within the Crystal Palace Park.[7]  The amateur club became one of the original founder members of the Football Association in 1863,[8] and competed in the first ever FA Cup competition in 1871–72, reaching the semi-finals where they lost to the Royal Engineers.[9] They played in the FA Cup over the next four seasons, but disappeared from historical records after a match against Barnes F.C. on 18 December 1875.[6] In 1895, the Football Association found a new permanent venue for the FA Cup Final at the sports stadium situated inside the Palace grounds. Some years later the Crystal Palace Company, who were reliant on tourist activity for their income, sought fresh attractions for the venue, and decided to form a new professional football club to play at the stadium.[12] The owners wanted a club to play there and tap into the vast crowd potential of the area.  The professional Crystal Palace football club was formed on 10 September 1905 under the guidance of Aston Villa assistant secretary Edmund Goodman.[13] The club applied for election to the Football League, but were rejected and instead found itself in the Southern League Second Division for the 1905–06 season. Palace were successful in their inaugural season achieving promotion to the Southern League First Division, crowned as champions.[13] They also played in the mid-week United League, finishing runners-up to Watford, and it was in this competition that the club played their first match, winning 3–0 away to New Brompton.[13][14]  Palace remained in the Southern League up until 1914, their one highlight the 1907 shock First Round victory over Newcastle United in the FA Cup.[15][16] The outbreak of the First World War led to the Admiralty requisitioning the Crystal Palace and its grounds, which meant the club was forced to leave and they moved to the home of nearby West Norwood F.C. at Herne Hill Velodrome. Three years later they moved again to the Nest due to the folding of Croydon Common F.C.  The Palace stadium was almost destroyed in an attempted terrorist bombing of the 1913 FA Cup Final, when the suffragettes of the Women's Social and Political Union plotted to blow up the stands.[17][18] This was known as the suffragette bombing and arson campaign, in which the suffragettes carried out a series of politically motivated bombing and arson attacks nationwide as part of their campaign for women's suffrage.[19]  The club became founder members of the new Football League Third Division in the 1920–21 season, finishing as champions and gaining promotion to the Second Division. This achievement meant they joined Preston North End, Small Heath, Liverpool, and Bury as the only clubs at that time to have won a championship in their first season as a league club. Palace then moved to a new stadium Selhurst Park in 1924, where the club still play their home games today.[20]  The opening fixture at Selhurst Park was against The Wednesday, with Palace losing 0–1 in front of a crowd of 25,000. Finishing in twenty-first position, the club were relegated to the Third Division South. Before the Second World War, Palace made good efforts at promotion, mostly finishing in the top half of the table and were runners-up on three occasions. During the war years, the Football League was suspended, and the club won two Wartime Leagues. After the war, Palace were less successful in the league, their highest position being seventh, and conversely on three occasions the club had to apply for re-election.  The club remained in the Third Division South up until the end of the 1957–58 season, after which the league was restructured with clubs in the bottom half of the Third Division South merging with those in the bottom half of the Third Division North to form a new Fourth Division. Palace had finished fourteenth – just below the cut – and therefore found itself in the basement of English football. Their stay was only brief. Palace chairman Arthur Wait appointed the ex-Tottenham manager Arthur Rowe in April 1960, and his exciting style of football was a joy to watch for the Palace fans. The 1960–61 season saw Palace gain promotion and they also achieved distinction in 1962 when they played the great Real Madrid team of that era in an historic friendly match. This was the first time that the Spanish giants had ever played a match in London and was only two weeks before they were due to play Benfica in the European Cup final. A full strength Madrid team beat Palace 4–3. Although Rowe resigned due to health reasons towards the end of 1962, the promotion proved a turning point in the club's history. Dick Graham and then Bert Head guided Palace to successive promotions in 1963–64 and 1968–69, taking the club through the Second Division and into the heights of the First Division.[22]  Palace stayed in the top flight from 1969 until 1973, and achieved some memorable results, arguably the best was a 5–0 home win against Manchester United in the 1972–73 season. Arthur Wait stepped down as chairman during that season and was replaced by Raymond Bloye who appointed Malcolm Allison as manager in March 1973, with Bert Head moving upstairs to become general manager. Unfortunately the managerial change came too late to save the club from relegation back to the Second Division.  After the disappointment of relegation, worse was to follow for the club. Under the management of Allison, Palace were immediately relegated again and were back in Division Three for the 1974–75 season. It was also under Allison that the club changed its nickname from "The Glaziers" to "The Eagles", and ended its association with claret and blue kit colours by changing to the red and blue vertical stripes worn today. Palace enjoyed a run to the semi-finals of the 1975–76 FA Cup, beating Leeds and Chelsea along the way, but lost 0–2 in the semi-final at Stamford Bridge to the eventual winners, Southampton. Allison resigned at the end of the 1975–76 season after failing to get the club out of the third tier, and it was under Terry Venables' management that Palace moved back up to the top flight with promotions in 1976–77 and 1978–79, the latter saw the club crowned as Division Two champions.  That team from 1979 was dubbed "The Team of the Eighties", due to the fact it included a number of very talented young players who had emerged from the youth team which won the FA Youth Cup in 1976–77 and 1977–78, and they were briefly top of the whole Football League in the early part of the 1979–80 season. However, financial difficulties suffered by the club caused the break-up of that group of players, and this ultimately led to Palace being unable to maintain its position in the top flight. Palace were relegated from the First Division in 1980–81, coinciding with Ron Noades' takeover of the club. They struggled back in the second tier, and Noades even appointed the ex-Brighton manager Alan Mullery, which was very unpopular with the Palace fans.  On 4 June 1984, former Manchester United and England player Steve Coppell who had recently retired from the game due to injury was appointed as manager, and he rebuilt the club steadily over the next few years which resulted in the Eagles achieving promotion back to the top flight via the play-offs in 1988–89. Palace followed this up by reaching the 1990 FA Cup Final, drawing 3–3 with Manchester United after extra-time in the first match but losing the replay 0–1. The club were able to build on this success and the 1990–91 season saw them achieve their highest ever league finish of third place in the top flight. Palace were unfortunate to miss out on a European place at the end of that season partly due to the UEFA ban on English clubs caused by the Heysel Stadium disaster. Though by that time the ban had been lifted, it resulted in England being unranked in the UEFA coefficient rankings used that season,[23] which meant the English top flight was only entitled to one European place in the UEFA Cup, and this went to the runners-up Liverpool. The club also returned to Wembley and won the Full Members Cup beating Everton 4–1 after extra-time in the final. During the following season star striker Ian Wright left the club to join Arsenal. Palace finished tenth, allowing the club to become a founding member of the Premier League in 1992–93.[24]  The club sold Mark Bright to Sheffield Wednesday, but failed to rebuild the squad adequately, and they struggled to score goals throughout the season. Palace were relegated with a total of 49 points, which is still a Premier League record for the highest number of points for a relegated club. Coppell resigned and Alan Smith, his assistant at the club, took over as manager.  Alan Smith's first season as manager saw Palace win the First Division title and gain promotion back to the Premier League.[25] Their stay on this occasion proved both eventful and controversial. On 25 January 1995, Palace played Manchester United at Selhurst Park in which United forward Eric Cantona was sent off. He was taunted by Palace fan Matthew Simmons,[26] and retaliated with a flying kick.[27] Cantona was sentenced to two weeks in jail,[28] reduced to 120 hours community service on appeal. Simmons was immediately banned from Selhurst Park,[29] and later found guilty on two charges of threatening Cantona.[30] More was to follow in March, when Palace striker Chris Armstrong was suspended by the FA for failing a drugs test.[31] On the field, Smith guided the club to the semi-finals of both the FA Cup and the League Cup, but league form was inconsistent and Palace once again found themselves relegated, finishing fourth from bottom as the Premier League was reduced from 22 to 20 clubs.[32]  Smith left the club and Steve Coppell returned as technical director in the summer of 1995, and through a combination of the first-team coaching of Ray Lewington and latterly Dave Bassett's managership Palace reached the play-offs. They lost the 1996 First Division play-off final in dramatic fashion when Steve Claridge scored in the last minute of extra-time for Leicester City to win 2–1. The following season saw Coppell take charge as first-team manager when Bassett departed for Nottingham Forest in early 1997.[33] The club reached the play-offs for the second year running and this time achieved promotion back to the Premier League, when they defeated Sheffield United 1–0 in the final at Wembley.[34]  This stay in the Premier League was no more successful than the previous two, and in true yo-yo club fashion Palace were relegated back to the First Division at the end of the 1997–98 season. The club also had a new owner when recruitment tycoon Mark Goldberg completed his takeover in June 1998.[35]  Terry Venables returned to Palace for a second spell as manager and the club competed in European competition during the summer when they played in the UEFA Intertoto Cup. Palace then went into administration in 1999, when owner Mark Goldberg was unable to sustain his financial backing of the club.[36] Venables left and Steve Coppell took over again as manager. The club emerged from administration under the ownership of Simon Jordan, and Coppell was replaced as manager by Alan Smith for a second time. Palace were almost relegated to the third tier in Jordan's first season, in 2000–01. Smith was sacked in April and long-serving coach Steve Kember took over as caretaker manager and he managed to win the two remaining fixtures that would guarantee Palace survival, with Dougie Freedman scoring the winner in the 87th minute on the final day of the season, securing a 1–0 victory over Stockport County. Former Manchester United captain Steve Bruce was appointed manager for the 2001–02 season.[37] A good start to the season gave Palace hope for a promotion challenge, but Bruce attempted to walk out on the club after just four months in charge following an approach from Birmingham City to become their new manager.[38][39] After a short spell on gardening leave,[40] Bruce was eventually allowed to join Birmingham,[41] and was succeeded by Trevor Francis, who had been his predecessor at the Midlands club.[42]  Under Francis, Palace finished mid-table for two successive seasons, but he was then sacked,[43] and replaced by Steve Kember, who became permanent manager.[44] The club won their opening three games of the 2003–04 season under Kember, which put them at the top of the table, but he was sacked in November after a terrible loss of form saw Palace slip towards the relegation zone.[45] Former Palace striker Iain Dowie was appointed manager and guided the club to the play-off final, securing promotion with a 1–0 victory over West Ham. Again Palace could not maintain their place in the top tier and were relegated on the last day of the season after drawing at local rivals Charlton Athletic.  Following that relegation, Simon Jordan was unable to put the club on a sound financial footing over the next few years, and in January 2010, Palace were once again placed in administration, this time by a creditor.[46] Due to the Football League's regulations, the club were deducted ten points,[47] and the administrators were forced to sell key players including Victor Moses and José Fonte. Neil Warnock had also departed as manager in the early part of 2010. He had been appointed in 2007, replacing the former Palace favourite Peter Taylor who had a brief spell as manager. Paul Hart took over as caretaker manager for the final weeks of the season. Survival in the Championship was only secured on the final day of the season after a memorable 2–2 draw at Sheffield Wednesday, which was itself relegated as a result.[48]  During the close of that season, CPFC 2010, a consortium consisting of several wealthy fans, successfully negotiated the purchase of the club.[49] They were led by Steve Parish, the vocal representative for the consortium of four that also included Stephen Browett, Jeremy Hosking and Martin Long. Crucially, the consortium also secured the freehold of Selhurst Park, and paid tribute to a fans' campaign which helped pressure Lloyds Bank into selling the ground back to the club.[50]  The CPFC 2010 consortium swiftly installed George Burley as the new Palace manager.[51] However a poor start to the following season saw the club hovering around the bottom of the table by December. On 1 January 2011, after a 0–3 defeat to Millwall, Burley was sacked and his assistant Dougie Freedman named caretaker manager. Just over a week later Freedman was appointed manager on a full-time basis.[52] Palace moved up the table and by securing a 1–1 draw at Hull City on 30 April, the club was safe from relegation with one game of the season left. After another year and a half as manager, Freedman departed to manage Bolton Wanderers on 23 October 2012.[53]  In November 2012, Ian Holloway became the new Palace manager.[54] He guided the club back to the Premier League after an eight-year absence by defeating Watford 1–0 in the Championship play-off final at the new Wembley, but resigned in October 2013.[55] Following a brief spell under Tony Pulis,[56] and an unsuccessful second tenure for Neil Warnock, former Palace player Alan Pardew was confirmed as the new manager in January 2015.[57] In his first full season, Pardew led the club to the 2016 FA Cup Final, their first for 26 years. Palace met Manchester United who they had lost to in the 1990 final, and the Eagles suffered disappointment again losing 1–2 after extra-time. In December 2016, Pardew was sacked and replaced by Sam Allardyce, who kept the club in the Premier League, but resigned unexpectedly at the end of the season.[58] On 26 June 2017, Palace appointed Frank de Boer as their first ever permanent foreign manager.[59] He was dismissed after only 77 days in charge, with the club having lost their first four league games at the start of the 2017–18 season while failing to score in any of them.[60] Former England manager Roy Hodgson was appointed as the club's new manager the next day.[61] Palace finished in eleventh place in the Premier League in Hodgson's first season, twelfth in the 2018–19 season and fourteenth the following season.  On 18 May 2021, the club announced Hodgson would be leaving at the end of the 2020–21 season, upon the expiration of his contract.[62] He achieved a fourteenth-place finish in his last season at the club. On 4 July 2021, Palace appointed the former Arsenal player Patrick Vieira as their new manager on a three-year contract.[63]  The original amateur club wore blue and white hooped shirts with blue shorts, although there were variations on this, it is thought their first ever kit in 1861 was light blue and white halves. When the professional Crystal Palace club was created in 1905, its choice of colours were originally claret and blue shirts paired with white shorts and socks tending to be claret. This was a result of the important role in the club's formation played by Edmund Goodman, an Aston Villa employee who later became Palace manager. The club kept to this formula fairly consistently until 1938, when they decided to abandon the claret and blue and adopt white shirts and black shorts with matching socks. They returned to claret and blue from 1949 to 1954, but in 1955 the club reverted to white and black, using claret and blue trim.[64]  There were variations on this theme until 1963 when the club adopted the away strip of yellow shirts as its home colours. In 1964, the club changed to an all-white strip modelled on Real Madrid whom Palace had played recently in a friendly, before they returned to claret and blue jerseys with white shorts in 1966. The club continued with variations on this theme up until Malcolm Allison's arrival as manager in 1973. Allison overhauled the club's image, adopting red and blue vertical stripes for colours and kit, inspired by FC Barcelona. Palace have played in variations of red and blue ever since, bar the centenary season of 2005 which saw them wear a version of their 1971–72 claret, blue and white kit.[64]  The club was relatively late in establishing a crest. Although the initials were embroidered onto the shirt from the 1935–36 season, a crest featuring the façade of The Crystal Palace did not appear until 1955. This crest disappeared from the shirt in 1964, and the team's name appeared embroidered on shirts between 1967 and 1972. A round badge was then adopted in 1972, with the club's initials and nickname "The Glaziers" before Allison changed this too.[64] The club's nickname became "The Eagles", inspired by Portuguese club Benfica, with the badge showing the image of an eagle holding a ball.[64] This emblem remained until 1987 when the club married the eagle with the Crystal Palace façade, and although updated in 1996 and again in 2012, the crest retains these features.[65] In June 2022, the year 1905 on the crest was changed to 1861, reflecting the year when the original Crystal Palace Football Club was established.[66]  From mid-2010 to 2020, the club made use of an American bald eagle, called Kayla, as the club mascot, with the bird flying from one end of the stadium to the other at every home game.[67][68] The bird died in June 2020.[69]  Since 2022, Crystal Palace's kit has been manufactured by Macron.[70] Previous manufacturers include Umbro (1975–77), Admiral (1977–80, 1987–88, 2003–04), Adidas (1980–83, 1996–99), Hummel (1984–87), Bukta (1988–92), Ribero (1992–94), Nutmeg (1994–96), TFG Sports (1999–2001) Le Coq Sportif (2001–03), Diadora (2004–07), Erreà (2007–09), Nike (2009–12), Avec (2012–14), Macron (2014–18, 2022–present) and Puma (2018–22).  The club's shirts are currently sponsored by cinch, and have previously been sponsored by Red Rose (1983–84), Top Score (1985–86), AVR (1986–87), Andrew Copeland (1987–88), Fly Virgin (1988–91), Tulip Computers (1991–93), TDK (1993–99), Churchill Insurance (2000–06), GAC Logistics (2006–14), Neteller (2014–15), Mansion.com (2015–17), ManBetX (2017–20) and W88 (2020–22).  The club signed its first sleeve sponsor with All Football, a Chinese football-based social media application, in 2017.[71]  In 1905, the Crystal Palace Company who owned the FA Cup Final venue situated inside the grounds of The Crystal Palace, wanted a professional club to play there and tap into the vast crowd potential of the area. They formed a new professional Crystal Palace football club to play at the stadium.[72] When the First World War broke out, the Palace and grounds were seized by the armed forces, and in 1915 the club were forced to move by the Admiralty. They found a temporary base at the Herne Hill Velodrome. Although other clubs had offered the use of their ground to Palace, the club felt it best to remain as close to their natural catchment area as possible.[73] When Croydon Common F.C. were wound up in 1917, the club took over their old stadium located at the Nest,[74] but in 1919 they began the purchase of the land on which they would eventually build Selhurst Park, their current home.[75]  The renowned stadium architect Archibald Leitch was employed to draw up plans, and the construction of Selhurst Park was completed in time for the 1924–25 season. The stadium remained relatively unchanged, with only the introduction of floodlights and some maintenance improvements until 1969, when the Arthur Wait Stand was built. The Main Stand became all-seater in 1979 and more work followed in the early 1980s when the Whitehorse Lane End was redeveloped to allow for a Sainsbury's supermarket, club offices and a club shop. The Arthur Wait Stand became all-seater in 1990, and in 1994 the Holmesdale Terrace was replaced with a new two tier stand. Selhurst Park's record attendance was set in 1979, with an official total of 51,482.[76] After all the redevelopments to the ground and safety requirements due to the Taylor Report, the ground's current capacity is 25,486. In 2011, proposals were put forward to move the club back to their original home at the Crystal Palace National Stadium,[77] but after the club gained promotion to the Premier League in 2013, there has been a renewed focus on redeveloping Selhurst Park into a 40,000 seater stadium.[78] Revised plans for a new 13,500-seater Main Stand (extending overall stadium capacity to 34,000) were approved at a Croydon Council meeting on 19 April 2018.[79]  Crystal Palace have a fan base predominantly from the local area which draws on South London, Kent, and Surrey. Their original home at The Crystal Palace was on the boundary with Kent, while Selhurst Park was within Surrey's borders until the London Government Act 1963 saw Greater London encompass Croydon. The club's passionate support at home games emanates from the Holmesdale Road Stand, in which the ultras group the Holmesdale Fanatics have been based since 2005.  The fans have established at least two other supporters groups. The Palace Independent Supporters' Association was set up to raise supporter concerns with the club,[80] while the Crystal Palace Supporters' Trust was originally established to enable fans to purchase the club during the administration of 2000 and remains in existence today.[81]  A number of fanzines have been produced by the supporters over the years. Eagle Eye was launched in 1987 and ran until 1994, with a number of contributors producing the replacement Palace Echo in 1995, which ran until 2007.[82] The Eastern Eagles, So Glad You're Mine and One More Point were also published by fans in the 1990s.[83] When One More Point ceased publication, Five Year Plan was launched in its place,[84] and maintains an online presence.[85] Supporters also engage in debate on two internet forums, The BBS and Holmesdale.net which the club use as channels to communicate with the fans.[86]  Because Crystal Palace are a London club, they compete against a number of other local clubs for the attention of supporters, but it does have a recognisably large catchment area of 900,000.[87][88] When the new owners took control in 2010, they sought the fans' input into future decisions. They consulted on a new badge design, and when their chosen designs were rejected, the club instead opted for a design based on a fans' idea from an internet forum.[89] The club have strengthened their ties with the local community, and through the Crystal Palace F.C. Foundation, they work with the local London Boroughs of Croydon, Bromley and Sutton to provide sports and educational programmes which they also hope will continue to develop their supporter and geographical base. The Foundation's work was recognised by the Football League in August 2009 with their Silver Standard Community Scheme Award.[90]  The club also enjoys a sizeable celebrity support. Kevin Day and Jo Brand host an annual comedy night for Comic Relief and the Palace Academy,[91] and fellow comedians Eddie Izzard and Mark Steel are also staunch Palace fans. The actor Neil Morrissey developed Palace Ale, a beer on sale in the ground,[92] while fellow actor Bill Nighy is patron of the Crystal Palace Children's Charity (CPSCC).[93] Radio DJ David Jensen is chairman of the Crystal Palace Vice Presidents Club,[94] and acted as spokesman for the CPFC 2010 consortium during their takeover bid for the club. Actor, writer and producer John Salthouse was on the books of Palace as a player from 1968 to 1970 under the name of John Lewis,[95] and was also a mascot for the club as a child.[96] He incorporated the club into his role as Tony in Abigail's Party.[97] The television presenter Susanna Reid revealed her love of Palace while taking part in Strictly Come Dancing, and visited Selhurst Park for inspiration.[98]  Due to their location in the capital, Crystal Palace are involved in a number of local derbies, mostly across South London. They enjoy rivalries with both Millwall and former tenants Charlton Athletic. The club have a long-standing and fierce rivalry with Brighton & Hove Albion which developed after Palace's relegation to the Third Division in 1974, reaching its height when the two teams were drawn together in the first round of the 1976–77 FA Cup. The tie went to two replays, but the second replay ended in controversy after referee Ron Challis ordered a successful Brighton penalty to be retaken because of Palace player encroachment. The retake was saved, Palace won the tie 1–0 and a fierce rivalry was born.[10]  The Crystal Palace Company formed both the amateur and professional clubs. The first chairman of the professional Crystal Palace club was Sydney Bourne who was found by club secretary Edmund Goodman after he had examined records of FA Cup Final ticket purchasers. Goodman noted his name as one that had bought a number of tickets every year, and so met with Bourne and found him very agreeable to the idea of the new club. Bourne was invited onto the board of directors and elected chairman at the club's first ever meeting. He remained chairman until his death in 1930.[99]  After Bourne's death, there were a number of short-term chairmanship appointments: Louis Bellatti (1930–35), R.S. Flew (1935), Carey Burnett (1935–36),  E.T. Truett (1936–39), before Percy Harper's reign (1939–50). Local builder Arthur Wait established a consortium of seven other businessmen to purchase the club in 1949, and took over from Harper in 1950, initially rotating the chairmanship.[100] In 1958, Wait became the permanent chairman, lasting until 1972 when Raymond Bloye took over.[101][102] Bloye's ownership lasted until 26 January 1981, when property developer Ron Noades and his consortium took control of the club. Noades eventually sold the club to Mark Goldberg on 5 June 1998, becoming the second longest serving Palace chairman behind Sydney Bourne. However, Noades did maintain ownership of Selhurst Park, leasing it to the club to use. Goldberg's tenure of the club was not a success and Palace entered administration in March 1999. Although the fans established a group called the Crystal Palace Supporters' Trust in a bid to gain control of the club, millionaire and lifelong fan Simon Jordan negotiated a deal with creditors and the administrator, and a new company, CPFC 2000 took control. This company entered administration in January 2010, and it was not until June of that year that a takeover was completed by a consortium of four wealthy fans known as CPFC 2010.[103]  CPFC 2010 was established by a consortium of four businessmen, Steve Parish, Martin Long, Stephen Browett and Jeremy Hosking, with each owning a 25% share of the company.[104][105] The four successfully negotiated a takeover with the administrator Brendan Guilfoyle from the P&A Partnership and a company voluntary arrangement was formally accepted by company creditors on 20 August 2010.[106] The consortium also purchased back Selhurst Park from Lloyds Bank after a demonstration by fans put pressure on the bank to agree terms.[50][107]  On 18 December 2015, it was announced that a new deal had been signed with American investors Josh Harris and David Blitzer.[108] The club stated that Steve Parish would continue as chairman alongside Harris and Blitzer as general partners in a new structure, and that Browett, Long and Hosking would also retain a substantial investment.[109]  The company accounts later showed that the ownership figures were: Steve Parish 18%, Steve Browett 5%, Jeremy Hosking 5% and Martin Long 2.5% with the remainder being owned by Palace Holdco LP (a limited partnership registered in Delaware) 67.5% and Palace Parallel LLC (a company also registered in Delaware) 1.5%. Both Palace Holdco and Palace Parallel have 180 preference shares each. As the Delaware companies do not have to reveal their owners, the exact ownership of the club is therefore unknown, but Steve Parish did confirm that each of Harris and Blitzer had an 18% share to match his own.  In August 2021, John Textor, another American investor, joined as a fourth partner with an investment of £87.5 million for 40% ownership of the club.[110][111][112]  Jim Cannon holds the record for the most Crystal Palace appearances in all competitions, having played 660 first-team matches between 1973 and 1988.[113] The defender also holds the record for the most league appearances, making 571.[114] Striker Peter Simpson holds the record for the most goals scored in a season, 54 in the 1930–31 season in Division Three (South) and is also the top scorer over a career – 165 goals between 1929 and 1935.[114] Goalkeeper Wayne Hennessey holds the club record for most international caps.[115]  Crystal Palace were inaugural champions of the newly formed Third Division in 1920–21, which was also their first ever season in the Football League and so became one of only a small group of clubs to have achieved the feat of winning a Football League Division at the first time of asking. Their average league attendance of 19,092 in the 1960–61 season and the attendance of 37,774 for the Good Friday game at Selhurst Park between Palace and Millwall the same season are Fourth Division attendance records.[116] Palace's official record home attendance is 51,482 for a Second Division match against Burnley on 11 May 1979.[117] The club's biggest victory margin in the league was the 9–0 home win against Barrow in the Fourth Division in 1959, while their heaviest defeat in the league was by the same scoreline away to Liverpool in the First Division in 1989.[117]  The highest transfer fee received for a Crystal Palace player is £50 million, from Manchester United for Aaron Wan-Bissaka in June 2019, while the highest transfer fee paid by the club to date was for Christian Benteke from Liverpool in August 2016, for £32 million.  The club's highest ever league finish so far is third place in the old Football League First Division, which is now called the Premier League, achieved in the 1990–91 season. Palace hold the record for the most points for a relegated Premier League club with 49  (although that was in a 42-game season in 1992–93).[118] They are also the only club ever to be relegated from the Premier League, even though they finished fourth from bottom, as it had been decided at the end of the 1994–95 season, that the bottom four clubs would be relegated in order to accommodate the league being reduced from 22 to 20 clubs for the 1995–96 season, Palace's points total that season of 45 is also the second-highest points total in Premier League history for a relegated club.[118] Palace hold the record for the most Play-off final wins (4) resulting in promotion to the top flight. Each of these play-off final wins occurred at a different location: Selhurst Park in 1989 (the first leg of the two-legged final was played at Ewood Park in Blackburn), old Wembley Stadium in 1997, Millennium Stadium in Cardiff in 2004, and new Wembley in 2013.  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.  To celebrate the professional Crystal Palace F.C.'s centenary in 2005, the Palace fans were asked to vote for a "Centenary XI" from a shortlist of ten players per position provided by the club.[121]  .  In the 1999 Michael Winterbottom film Wonderland, the scenes of the character Dan and his son at a football match were filmed at Selhurst Park during Crystal Palace's 1–1 draw against Birmingham City on 6 February 1999.[124] In the Mike Leigh play Abigail's Party, the character Tony mentions that he used to play professionally for Crystal Palace but it "didn't work out", something actor John Salthouse brought to the character in rehearsals based on his own life.[97] Salthouse also incorporated the club into the children's television series he wrote, Hero to Zero, in which the father of the main character once played for Palace reserves.[125] In the first series of Only Fools and Horses, a Crystal Palace scarf could be seen on the coat rack, placed there by producer Ray Butt, even though Rodney's middle name was Charlton, as Del revealed on Rodney's wedding day: their mother was a fan of "Athletic" not "Heston".[126] Headmaster Keith Blackwell, who played Palace mascot "Pete the Eagle" in the late nineties, fronted a series of Coca-Cola advertisements in 1996. Blackwell spoke about his role and the embarrassment it brought to his family, and clips of him in costume were used in the campaign.[127][128]  The 2008 episode of The IT Crowd, "Are We Not Men?", used Selhurst Park to film the crowd scenes.  The Apple TV series Ted Lasso filmed its stadium scenes at Selhurst Park.  After the band The Dave Clark Five performed "Glad All Over" at Selhurst Park in 1968, the song became synonymous with the club, and the Palace fans sing it at every match.[129]  Crystal Palace F.C. was the subject of an Amazon Prime Video five-part series released in 2021 called When Eagles Dare, which documented the club's 2012–13 season when they achieved promotion to the top flight via the Championship play-offs.[130]  Crystal Palace F.C. (Women) is a women's football club founded in 1992, which is affiliated to the men's club. They currently compete in the FA Women's Championship and play their home games at Hayes Lane, Bromley, London.  The Crystals or Crystal Girls are the official cheerleading squad of Crystal Palace F.C. which is the only club in English football that has NFL-style cheerleaders. They were established in 2010 and perform before each home match and during half-time. The squad also perform at charity events as ambassadors for the club.[131]  The Eagles The Glaziers  Nigel Martyn (1989–96)  Paul Hinshelwood (1974–83)  Chris Coleman (1991–95)  Jim Cannon (1972–88)  Kenny Sansom (1975–80)  John Salako (1986–95)  Geoff Thomas (1987–93)  Andy Gray (1984–87,1989–92)  Attilio Lombardo (1997–99)  Andrew Johnson (2002–06, 2014)  Ian Wright (1985–91) English first tier (currently the Premier League) Highest finish: 3rd place, 1990–91 Highest finish: 3rd place, 1990–91 English second tier (currently the EFL Championship) Champions (2): 1978–79, 1993–94 Runners-up (1): 1968–69 Play-off winners (4) (record): 1988–89, 1996–97, 2003–04, 2012–13 Play-off runners-up (1): 1995–96 Champions (2): 1978–79, 1993–94 Runners-up (1): 1968–69 Play-off winners (4) (record): 1988–89, 1996–97, 2003–04, 2012–13 Play-off runners-up (1): 1995–96 English third tier (currently EFL League One) Champions (1): 1920–21 Runners-up (4): 1928–29 (South), 1930–31 (South), 1938–39 (South), 1963–64 Champions (1): 1920–21 Runners-up (4): 1928–29 (South), 1930–31 (South), 1938–39 (South), 1963–64 English fourth tier (currently EFL League Two) Runners-up (1): 1960–61 Runners-up (1): 1960–61 FA Cup Runners-up (2): 1989–90, 2015–16 Runners-up (2): 1989–90, 2015–16 Full Members Cup[C] Winners (1): 1990–91 Winners (1): 1990–91 Football League South Champions (1): 1940–41 Champions (1): 1940–41 Football League South 'D' Division Champions (1): 1939–40 Champions (1): 1939–40 Southern Football League Division One Runners-up (1): 1913–14 Runners-up (1): 1913–14 Southern Football League Division Two Champions (1): 1905–06 Champions (1): 1905–06 United League[122] Champions (1): 1906–07 Runners-up (1): 1905–06 Champions (1): 1906–07 Runners-up (1): 1905–06 Southern Professional Floodlit Cup Runners-up (1): 1958–59 Runners-up (1): 1958–59 London Challenge Cup[D] Winners (3): 1912–13, 1913–14, 1920–21 Runners-up (6): 1919–20, 1921–22, 1922–23, 1931–32, 1937–38, 1946–47 Winners (3): 1912–13, 1913–14, 1920–21 Runners-up (6): 1919–20, 1921–22, 1922–23, 1931–32, 1937–38, 1946–47 Surrey Senior Cup[123] Winners (3): 1996–97, 2000–01, 2001–02 Winners (3): 1996–97, 2000–01, 2001–02 Kent Senior Shield Winners (1): 1911–12 Runners-up (1): 1912–13 Winners (1): 1911–12 Runners-up (1): 1912–13"
Golden age of American animation;" The golden age of American animation was a period in the history of U.S. animation that began with the popularization of sound cartoons in 1928 and gradually ended in the late 1960s, where theatrical animated shorts began losing popularity to the newer medium of television animation, produced on cheaper budgets and in a more limited animation style by companies such as Hanna-Barbera, UPA, Jay Ward Productions, and DePatie-Freleng.  Many popular characters emerged from this period, including Disney's' Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, Donald Duck, Daisy Duck, Goofy, and Pluto, Warner Bros.' Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Porky Pig, Tweety, and Sylvester, MGM's Tom and Jerry and Droopy, Fleischer Studios' Betty Boop, Felix the Cat, Walter Lantz's Woody Woodpecker, Terrytoons' Mighty Mouse, UPA's Mr. Magoo, and Jay Ward Productions' Rocky and Bullwinkle.  Feature-length animation began during this period, most notably with Disney's "Walt-era" films, spanning from Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs in 1937 to The Jungle Book in 1967. Animation also began on television during this period, with the first animated series airing on television in 1948 starting with Crusader Rabbit.  Walt Disney had decided to become a newspaper cartoonist drawing political caricatures and comic strips.[1] However, nobody would hire Disney, so his older brother Roy, who was working as a banker at the time, got him a job at the Pesmen-Rubin Art Studio where he created advertisements for newspapers, magazines, and movie theaters.[2] Here he met fellow cartoonist Ub Iwerks, the two quickly became friends and in January 1920, when their time at the studio expired they decided to open up their own advertising agency together called Iwerks-Disney Commercial Artists.[3] The business however got off to a rough start and Walt temporarily left for the Kansas City Film and Ad Co. to raise money for the fleeting company and Iwerks soon followed as he was unable to run the business alone.[4]  While working there he made commercials for local theaters using crude cut-out animation. Disney became fascinated by the art and decided to become an animator.[5] He then borrowed a camera from work and rented a book from the local library called Animated Cartoons: How They Are Made, Their Origin and Development by Edwin G. Lutz and decided that cel animation would produce better quality and decided to open up his own animation studio.[6] Disney then teamed up with Fred Harman and made their first film, The Little Artist which was nothing more than an artist (Disney) taking a cigarette break at his work desk. Harman soon dropped out of the venture, but Disney was able to strike a deal with local theater owner Frank L. Newman and animated a cartoon all by himself entitled Newman Laugh-O-Grams screened in roughly February 1921.[7][8] Walt then quit his job at the film and ad company and incorporated Laugh-O-Gram Films in May 1922, and hired former advertising colleagues as unpaid "students" of animation including Ub Iwerks and Fred Harman's brother, Hugh Harman.[9]  Throughout 1922, the Disney company produced a series of "modernized" adaptations of fairy tales including Little Red Riding Hood, The Four Musicians of Bremen, Jack and the Beanstalk, Jack the Giant Killer, Goldielocks and the Three Bears, Puss in Boots, Cinderella and Tommy Tucker's Tooth, the latter being mostly a live-action film about dental hygiene. None of these films turned a profit.[10] The last film made by the Disney company was a short called Alice's Wonderland. Loosely inspired by Lewis Carroll's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, the short featured a live-action five-year-old girl named Alice (Virginia Davis) who had adventures in a fully animated world. The film was never fully complete however as the studio went bankrupt in the summer of 1923.[9][11]  Upon the closure of Laugh-O-Grams, Walt Disney worked as a freelance filmmaker before selling his camera for a one-way ticket to Los Angeles.[12] Once arriving he moved in with his Uncle Robert and his brother Roy, who was recovering at a nearby government hospital from tuberculosis he had suffered during the war.[13] After failing to get a job as a director of live-action films he sent the unfinished Alice's Wonderland reel to short-subjects distributor Margaret J. Winkler of Winkler Pictures in New York.  Winkler was distributing both the Felix the Cat and Out of the Inkwell cartoons at the time, but the Fleischer brothers were about to leave to set up their own distribution company, Red Seal Films, and Felix producer Pat Sullivan was constantly fighting with Winkler, therefore Winkler agreed to distribute Disney's Alice Comedies as sort of an insurance policy.[14]  Once Walt Disney received the notice on October 15, he convinced Roy to leave the hospital and help him set up his business.[15] The next day, on October 16, 1923, Disney Bros. Cartoon Studio opened its doors at a small rented office two blocks away from his uncle's house with Roy managing business and Walt handling creative affairs.[14] He convinced Virginia Davis's parents which caused the first official Alice short, Alice's Day at Sea, to be released on January 1, 1924, delayed by eleven days.[14] Ub Iwerks was re-hired in February 1925 and the quality of animation on the Alice series improved, this prompted Hugh Harman, Rudolf Ising and Carman Maxwell to follow Disney west in June 1925.[16][17] Around that time, Davis was replaced with Maggie Gay and the cartoons started to focus less on the live-action scenes and more the fully animated scenes, particularly those featuring Alice's pet sidekick Julius, who bore an uncanny resemblance to Felix the Cat.[18] In February 1926, Disney built a larger studio at 2719 Hyperion Avenue and changed the name of the company to Walt Disney Cartoons.[19][20]  In November 1923, Winkler married Charles Mintz and handed over the business to him when she became pregnant a few months later.[21][22] Mintz was often described as a cold, stern and ruthless chain-smoking tyrant, one employee remembered him as "a grim-faced man, with a pair of cold eyes glittering behind the pince nez" and "never talked to the staff. He looked us over like an admiral surveying a row of stanchions."[23] While Winkler had offered gentle critiques and encouragement, Mintz communicated to Disney in a harsh and cruel tone.[22][24] In 1927, Mintz ordered Disney to stop producing Alice Comedies due to the costs of combining live-action and animation.  Mintz managed to gain a distribution deal with Universal Studios, however it was Mintz—not Disney—that signed the deal. Disney and lead animator Ub Iwerks created Oswald the Lucky Rabbit, who debuted in Trolley Troubles short in 1927. The Oswald series was a success and became the first hit for the Walt Disney studio.  In the spring of 1928, Disney travelled to New York to ask Mintz for a budget increase. His request was harshly denied by Mintz, who pointed out that in the contract Mintz had signed with Universal, it was Universal—not Disney—that owned the rights to the character. Mintz revealed to Disney that he had hired most of his staff away from the studio (except for Ub Iwerks, Les Clark and Wilfred Jackson who refused to leave) and threatened that unless he took a 20 per cent budget decrease, he would drop Disney and continue the Oswald series by himself. Walt refused, and Winkler Pictures dropped its distribution.  While Disney was finishing the remaining cartoons for Mintz, Disney and his staff secretly came up with a new cartoon character to replace Oswald — Mickey Mouse.  The inspiration for Mickey has never been clear. Walt Disney said that he came up with the idea on the train ride back to Los Angeles shortly after the confrontation with Mintz, but other records say that he came up with the idea after he returned to the studio. Walt Disney once said that he was inspired by a pet mouse he once had at the old Laugh-O-Grams studio, but more commonly said that he chose a mouse because a mouse had never been the central character of a cartoon series before.  In 1928, Plane Crazy became the first entry into the Mickey Mouse series, however, it was not released because of a poor reaction from test screenings and failed to gain a distributor. The second Mickey Mouse cartoon The Gallopin' Gaucho also failed to gain the attention of the audience and a distributor. Disney knew what was missing: sound. Sound film had been captivating audiences since 1927 with The Jazz Singer and Walt decided that the next cartoon Steamboat Willie would have sound. Steamboat Willie was not the first sound cartoon, Max and Dave Fleischer had produced Song Car-Tunes since 1926. However, they failed to keep the sound synchronized with the animation and the main focus of the cartoons were the bouncing ball sing-a-longs. The Song Car-Tunes were not a success and some staff members doubted whether a cartoon with sound would be successful. So Disney arranged a special preview screening with the music and sound effects being played live behind stage through a microphone. The Steamboat Willie test screening was a success and managed to gain a distributor, Celebrity Pictures chief Pat Powers. However, the first attempt to synchronize the sound with the animation was a disaster with the timing being all wrong. In order to finance the second recording, Walt sold his car. This time he used a click track to keep his musicians on the beat (Disney later learned that it was easier to record the dialogue, music and sound effects first and animate to the sound). Little more than a month before Steamboat Willie's premiere, Paul Terry released his sound cartoon Dinner Time, however it was not a financial success and Walt Disney described it as "a bunch of racket".  Steamboat Willie was released on November 18, 1928, and was a big success. Disney quickly gained huge dominance in the animation field using sound in his future cartoons by dubbing Plane Crazy, The Gallopin' Gaucho and the nearly completed The Barn Dance. Mickey Mouse's popularity put the animated character into the ranks of the most popular screen personalities in the world. Disney's biggest competitor, Pat Sullivan with his Felix the Cat, was eclipsed by Mickey's popularity and the studio closed in 1932. Merchandising based on Disney cartoons rescued a number of companies from bankruptcy during the depths of the Depression, and Disney took advantage of this popularity to move forward with further innovations in animation. In 1929, he launched a new series entitled the Silly Symphonies which was based around music with no recurring characters. However, they did not become as popular as the Mickey Mouse cartoon series. In 1930, after a falling-out with Powers, Disney switched distributors to Columbia Pictures. However, Ub Iwerks left Walt Disney after an offer from Powers to be in charge of his own studio.[25] In 1932, Mickey Mouse had become an international sensation, but the Silly Symphonies had not. Columbia Pictures had backed out of its distribution of the series and Disney was lured to move the Silly Symphonies into United Artists by a budget increase. Walt Disney then worked with the Technicolor company to create the first full three-strip color cartoon, Flowers and Trees. Another great success, it became the first cartoon to win the Academy Award for the Best Animated Short Film. Shortly afterward, Disney negotiated an exclusive, but temporary deal with Technicolor so only he could use the three-strip process in animated films—no other studio was permitted to use it.[26][27] However, he withheld making Mickey Mouse in color because he thought that Technicolor might boost the Silly Symphonies' popularity. By 1932, Walt Disney had realized the success of animated films depended upon telling emotionally gripping stories that would grab the audience and not let go.[28][29] This realization led to an important innovation around 1932–1933: a "story department", separate from the animators, with storyboard artists who would be dedicated to working on a "story development" phase of the production pipeline.[30] In turn, Disney's continued emphasis on story development and characterization resulted in another hit in 1933: Three Little Pigs, which is seen as the first cartoon in which multiple characters displayed unique, individual personalities and is still considered to be the most successful animated short of all time,[31] and also featured the hit song that became the anthem in fighting the Great Depression: "Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf".[32] In the Mickey Mouse series, he continued to add personality to his characters, this resulted in the creation of new characters such as Pluto with The Chain Gang in 1930, Goofy with Mickey's Revue in 1932 and Donald Duck in 1934 with The Wise Little Hen (under the Silly Symphony series). When Disney's contract with Technicolor expired, the Mickey Mouse series was moved into Technicolor starting with The Band Concert in 1935. In addition, Mickey was partially redesigned for Technicolor later that year.[33] In 1937, Disney invented the multiplane camera, which gave an illusion of depth to the animated world.  He first used this on the Academy Award-winning Silly Symphony cartoon The Old Mill.[34] Much of Disney's work was heavily influenced by European stories and myths, and the work of illustrators such as Doré and Busch. Also in 1937, Disney changed distributors for the Silly Symphonies to RKO Radio Pictures, remaining with this distributor until the early 1950s, when they were re-issued and re-released by Disney's new distribution company, Buena Vista Distribution.  In 1937, Walt Disney produced Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, the first American feature-length animated musical fantasy film. This was the culmination of four years of effort by Disney studios. Walt Disney was convinced that short cartoons would not keep his studio profitable in the long run, so he took what was seen as an enormous gamble. The critics predicted that Snow White would result in financial ruin for the studio. They said that the colors would be too bright for the audience and they would get sick of the gags and leave.[35] However, the critics were proven wrong. Snow White was a worldwide box office success, and was universally acclaimed as a landmark in the development of animation as a serious art form.[36]  After the success of Snow White, Disney went on to produce Pinocchio, which was released in 1940.  However, costing twice as much to make as Snow White, Pinocchio was not a financial success, since World War II (which began in Europe in 1939) had cut off 40% of Disney's foreign release market . Although it was a moderate success in the United States, the domestic gross alone was not enough to make back its production budget. However, the film did receive very positive reviews and has made millions from subsequent re-releases.  Later that year, Disney produced Fantasia. It originally started with the Mickey Mouse cartoon The Sorcerer's Apprentice in an attempt to recapture Mickey's popularity, which had sharply declined due to the popularity of Max Fleischer's Popeye and Disney's Donald Duck.[37][38] In the Sorcerer's Apprentice, Mickey Mouse was redesigned by Fred Moore. This redesign of Mickey is still in use today.[33] The short featured no dialogue, only music which was conducted by Leopold Stokowski. When the budget for the short grew very expensive, Stokowski suggested to Disney that it could be a feature film with other pieces of classical music matched to animation. Disney agreed and production started. Fantasia would also become the first commercial film to be released in stereophonic sound. However, like Pinocchio, Fantasia was not a financial success. Fantasia was also the first Disney film not to be received well, receiving mixed reviews from the critics. It was looked down upon by music critics and audiences, who felt that Walt Disney was striving for something beyond his reach by trying to introduce mainstream animation to abstract art, classical music, and "elite" subjects. However, the film would be reevaluated in later years and considered a animated masterpiece.[39]  In 1941, in order to compensate for the relative poor box office of Pinocchio and Fantasia, Disney produced a low-budget feature film, Dumbo. Just a few days after rough animation was complete on Dumbo, the Disney animators' strike broke out. This was caused by the Screen Cartoonist's Guild (which had been formed in 1938), who severed many ties between Walt Disney and his staff, while encouraging many members of the Disney studio to leave and seek greener pastures. Later that year, Dumbo became a big success, the first for Disney since Snow White. The critically acclaimed film brought in much-needed revenue and kept the studio afloat. A few months after Dumbo was released in 1941, the United States entered the war after the attack on Pearl Harbor. This led to the mobilization of all movie studios (including their cartoon divisions) to produce propaganda material to bolster public confidence and encourage support for the war effort.  The war (along with the strike) shook Walt Disney's empire, as the US Army had seized Disney's studio as soon as the US entered World War II in December 1941.[40] As a result, Disney put the feature films Alice in Wonderland (1951), Peter Pan (1953), Qind in the Willows (1949), Song of the South (1946), Mickey and the Beanstalk (1947) and Bongo (1947) on hold until the war was over. The only feature film that was allowed to continue production was Bambi, which was released in 1942. Bambi was groundbreaking in terms of animating animals realistically. However, due to the war, Bambi failed at the box-office and received mixed reviews from the critics. This failure was to be short-lived as it grossed a considerable amount of money in the 1947 re-release.  Disney was now fully committed to the war effort and contributed by producing propaganda shorts and a feature film entitled Victory Through Air Power. Victory Through Air Power did poorly at the box office and the studio lost around $500,000 as a result.[40] The required propaganda cartoon shorts were less popular than Disney's regular shorts, and by the time the Army ended its stay at Walt Disney Studios with the end of the war in 1945, Disney struggled to restart his studio, and had a low amount of cash on hand.[41] Further Disney feature films of the 1940s were modestly budgeted collections of animated short segments put together to make a feature film. These began with Saludos Amigos in 1942 and continued during the war with The Three Caballeros in 1944 and after the war with Make Mine Music in 1946, Fun and Fancy Free in 1947, Melody Time in 1948, and The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad in 1949. For the feature films Mickey and the Beanstalk, Bongo, and Wind in the Willows, he condensed them into the package films Fun and Fancy Free and The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad since Walt feared that the low-budget animation would not become profitable.[42] The most ambitious Disney film of this period was the 1946 film Song of the South, a musical film blending live-action and animation which drew criticism in later years for accusations of racial stereotyping.  In 1950, Disney produced Cinderella. Cinderella was an enormous success, becoming the highest-grossing film of 1950, and became Disney's most successful film since Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs and Disney's first single-narrative feature film to be entirely animated since Bambi, as films in the interim involved some live-action.[43] Disney's company started to diversify, producing live-action feature films beginning with Treasure Island (1950) and nature documentaries, the first of which being Seal Island (1948). As a result, Walt Disney was needed on several different units at one time and was spending less time on animation. In 1951, he released Alice in Wonderland, a project he had been working on since the late 1930s, though it was shelved during the war. Alice in Wonderland was initially moderately successful and received mixed reviews from the critics. A few decades later, the film would be hailed as one of Disney's greatest classics, making millions in subsequent theatrical and home video releases. In 1953, he released Peter Pan, which, like Alice in Wonderland, had been in production since the late 1930s/early 1940s and was shelved during the war. However unlike Alice, Peter Pan  was a big success both critically and financially on its first release. When Disney's contract with RKO expired at the end of 1953, instead of renewing it as usual,  Disney was concerned about the instability of RKO (due to owner Howard Hughes' increasingly erratic control of the studio) and started distributing films through the newly created Buena Vista Distribution subsidiary. This allowed a higher budget for shorts and features than the last few years of cartoons made for RKO dictated, which made it possible to make some of the cartoons in the new CinemaScope format. However, the budget per short was nowhere near as high as it had been in the 1940s as Disney had been focusing more on live action, television, and feature animation and less on short animation. In 1953, shortly after the switch from RKO to Buena Vista, Disney released its final Mickey Mouse short, The Simple Things. From there, the studio produced fewer animated shorts by the year until the animated shorts division was eventually closed in 1956.[44] After that, any future short cartoon work was done through the feature animation division until 1969. The last Disney animated short of the golden age of American animation, the Oscar-winning It's Tough to Be a Bird!, was released in 1969.  In 1955, Disney created Lady and the Tramp, the first animated film in CinemaScope. Upon building Disneyland in 1955, Walt Disney regained a huge amount of popularity among the public,[45] and turned his focus to producing his most ambitious movie: Sleeping Beauty. Sleeping Beauty was filmed in Super Technirama 70 mm film and in stereophonic sound like Fantasia. Sleeping Beauty also signaled a change in the style of drawing, with cartoony and angular characters, taking influence from United Productions of America (UPA). Although Sleeping Beauty was the second-highest-grossing film of 1959 (just behind Ben-Hur), the film went over budget, costing $6 million, and the film failed to make back its expenditure. The studio was in serious debt and had to cut the cost of animation. In 1960, this resulted in Disney switching to xerography, that replaced the traditional hand-inking. The first feature film that used Xerox cels was 101 Dalmatians in 1961 which was a box-office success.[46] However, the Xerox resulted in films with a "sketchier" look and lacked the quality of the hand-inked films. According to Floyd Norman, who was working at Disney at the time, it felt like the end of an era.[47] On December 15, 1966, Walt Disney died of lung cancer. The last two films he was involved in were The Jungle Book (1967) and The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh (1977), since one of the shorts Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree was released during his lifetime, and he was involved in the production of Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day. The animated musical comedy feature, The Jungle Book, and the live-action big-screen musical, The Happiest Millionaire, were released in 1967, a year after his death, and Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day was released two years later, while The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh was released in 1977. Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day also won the 1968 Academy Award for Animated Short Film.[48] After Walt Disney's death, the animation department did not fully recover until the late 1980s and early 1990s with the Disney Renaissance.  One of Walt Disney's main competitors was Max Fleischer, the head of Fleischer Studios, which produced cartoons for Paramount Pictures. Fleischer Studios was a family-owned business, operated by Max Fleischer and his younger brother Dave Fleischer, who supervised the production of the cartoons. The Fleischers scored successful hits with the Betty Boop cartoons and the Popeye the Sailor series. Popeye's popularity during the 1930s rivaled Mickey Mouse at times, and Popeye fan clubs sprang up across the country in imitation of Mickey's fan clubs, in 1935, polls showed that Popeye was even more popular than Mickey Mouse.[49] However, during the early 1930s, stricter censorship rules enforced by the new Production Code in 1934 required animation producers to remove risqué humor. The Fleischers, in particular, had to tone down the content of their Betty Boop cartoons, which waned in popularity afterwards.[50] The Fleischers also had produced a number of Color Classics cartoons during the 1930s which attempted to emulate Walt Disney's use of color, but the series was not a success.[51]  In 1934, Max Fleischer became interested in producing an animated feature film shortly after Walt Disney's announcement of Snow White, however Paramount vetoed the idea. In 1936, Fleischer Studios produced the first of three two-reel Popeye Technicolor features: Popeye the Sailor Meets Sindbad the Sailor in 1936, Popeye the Sailor Meets Ali Baba's Forty Thieves in 1937, and Aladdin and His Wonderful Lamp in 1939. In 1938, after Disney's success with Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Paramount had given the Fleischers permission to produce an animated feature film and Fleischer studio relocated itself from New York to Miami, Florida in order to avoid organized unions, which became a threat to the studio after a five-month strike occurred among Fleischer Studio workers in late 1937.[52] Here the Fleischers produced Gulliver's Travels which was released in 1939. It was a small success and encouraged the Fleischers to produce more.  In May 1941, the Fleischers gave Paramount full ownership of the studio as collateral to pay off their debts left from the loans they obtained from the studio to make unsuccessful cartoons like Stone Age, Gabby, and Color Classics.  However, they still maintained their positions as heads of their studio's production.[53] Under Paramount rule, the Fleischers brought Popeye into the Navy and contributed to the war effort, and would gain more success by beginning a series of spectacular Superman cartoons (the first of which was nominated for an Oscar) that have become legendary in themselves. Despite the success Superman gave the studio, a major blow to the studio would occur when the married Dave started having an adulterous affair with the Miami secretary. This led to many disputes between the Fleischer Brothers until Max and Dave were no longer speaking to each other.[53] In 1941, they released Mister Bug Goes to Town, unfortunately it was released a few days before the attack on Pearl Harbor, which caused  Mister Bug to fail at the box-office.[53] Shortly after the film's poor box office, Dave Fleischer, still maintaining his position as co-chief of his studio, had left Fleischer Studios to run Columbia Pictures' Screen Gems cartoons. Due to this, Paramount Pictures had expelled Dave and Max Fleischer from their positions as the head of the cartoon studio.[53]  Paramount took over the Fleischer studio completely and brought it under the fold of their own studio, renaming it Famous Studios and continuing the work that the Fleischers began. Isadore Sparber, Seymour Kneitel and Dan Gordon were promoted to directors (Disney veteran Bill Tytla directed shorts in the mid- to late 1940s after Gordon left the studio), while Sam Buchwald was promoted to executive producer. Paramount also discontinued the expensive Superman cartoons in 1943, in favor of adapting Little Lulu to theaters. Famous Studios continued to release Popeye shorts, which shifted to color in 1943 as well as creating Noveltoons, an anthology short series similar to Fleischer's Color Classics. Noveltoons introduced many notable characters such as Blackie the Lamb, Wolfie (Blackie's main rival), Casper the Friendly Ghost (adapted from a children's story book), Little Audrey (a character similar to and replacing Little Lulu), Herman and Katnip (A cat and mouse duel similar to Tom and Jerry), Baby Huey (a large though dim-witted baby duck) and many other lesser known characters. Famous also revived Screen Songs, another series inherited from Fleischer's. As early as 1945, Famous continued the series all the way up to 1951, when they lost the right of the name and the “bouncing ball” term. The series was renamed Kartunes and would continue for two extra years, where it would finally be discontinued. In 1951, Sam Buchwald died from a heart attack, leaving Sparber and Kneitel as the lead producers and directors. Dave Tendlar was promoted to director in 1953.  The departure of the Fleischers had an immediate effect on the studio: the Paramount cartoons of the war years continued to be entertaining and popular and still retained most of the Fleischer style and gloss, however animation fans and historians would note the studio's diverging tone after the end of the war, as the style was criticized for its highly formulaic story telling, lack of artistic ambition, violence, and its overall appeal towards children rather than both kids and adults.  By the mid-1950s, Famous Studios was still releasing shorts but with tighter budgets. This was a standard industry practice at the time, since other animation studios were also releasing short films with tighter budgets due to the popularity of television. At the same time, the studio had really drastic changes. Paramount renamed the studio to Paramount Cartoon Studios, as well as discontinuing the Popeye shorts by 1957. Spooky Swabs (directed by Sparber, who died the next year) was the last Popeye short in theaters. Budgets for the shorts were so tight by the late 1950s, that the studio has to use limited animation techniques comparable to television animation at the time. In the 1960s, Paramount continue to release thatrical cartoons, as well as teaming up with King Features Syndicate TV to co-produce Popeye the Sailor and other comic characters for television. After Seymour Kneitel died in 1964 from a heart attack, other animation veterans like Howard Post, James Culhane and Ralph Bakshi were hired to directed shorts late in the studio's lifespan. Cartoons produced during this period were Swifty and Shorty, Honey Halfwitch, Comic Kings, the Modern Madcaps series and Fractured Fables, all of which failed to revitalize the studio following the continious budget restraints.  In the winter of 1968, Paramount's new owners at the time, Gulf+Western, began the process to shutdown the cartoon studio. The shutdown was completed by December.  In 1929, former Disney animators Hugh Harman and Rudolf Ising made a cartoon entitled Bosko, the Talk-Ink Kid, and tried to sell it to a distributor in 1930. Warner Bros. who had previously tried an unsuccessful attempt to set up a cartoon studio in New York in order to compete with Disney, agreed to distribute the series. Under producer Leon Schlesinger's guide Harman and Ising created Looney Tunes (the title being variation on Disney's award-winning Silly Symphonies) starring their character Bosko. A second Harman-Ising series, Merrie Melodies, followed in 1931. Both series showed the strong influence of the early Disney movies.  After disputes over the money, Harman-Ising parted company with Schlesinger (who rejected their demands for raised budgets) in 1933, taking Bosko with them to work with Metro Goldwyn Mayer.[54] Schlesinger began his own cartoon operation under the new name Leon Schlesinger Productions, hiring Harman-Ising animator Friz Freleng and several others to run the studio. Animator Tom Palmer created a Bosko clone known as Buddy and answered to Walt Disney's use of color in the Silly Symphonies cartoons in 1934, and began making all future Merrie Melodies cartoons in color.[55] However, since Walt Disney had an exclusive deal with Technicolor, Schlesinger was forced to use Cinecolor and Two Strip Technicolor until 1935 when Disney's contract with Technicolor had expired. In 1935, Schlesinger fired Tom Palmer and Buddy was retired.  In a 1935 Merrie Melodie directed by Friz Freleng entitled I Haven't Got a Hat  was the first screen appearance of Porky Pig. Also in 1935, Schlesinger hired a new animation director who proceeded to revitalize the studio: Tex Avery. Schlesinger put Avery in charge of the low-budget Looney Tunes in a low run-down old building the animators named Termite Terrace. Under Avery, Porky Pig would replace the Buddy series and become the first Warner Bros. cartoon character to achieve star power. Also at Termite Terrace animator Bob Clampett redesigned Porky from a fat, chubby pig to a more cute and childlike character. Unlike the other cartoon producers at the time, Avery had no intention of competing with Walt Disney, but instead brought a new wacky, zany style of animation to the studio that would increase the Warner Bros. cartoons' popularity in the crowded marketplace. This was firmly established in 1937 when Tex Avery directed Porky's Duck Hunt. During production of the short, lead animator Bob Clampett elaborated the exit of the Duck character by having him jump up and down on his head, flip around and holler off into the sunset.[56] This created the character of Daffy Duck. After Daffy was created, he would add even more success to Warner Bros. cartoons and replaced Porky Pig as the studio's most popular animated character,[57] and Bob Clampett took over Termite Terrace, while Tex Avery took over the Merrie Melodies department. The 1940 Academy Award-nominated cartoon A Wild Hare (directed by Avery) marked Bugs Bunny's official debut, as well as his first pairing with Elmer Fudd (Created by Chuck Jones that year). Bugs quickly replaced Daffy as the studio's top star. By 1942, Bugs had become the most popular cartoon character.[57] Because of the success of Bugs, Daffy and Porky, the Schlesinger studio now had risen to new heights, and Bugs quickly became the star of the color  Merrie Melodies cartoons, which had previously been used for one-shot character appearances.[57] By 1942, Warners' shorts had now surpassed Disney's in sales and popularity.[58] Frank Tashlin also worked with Avery in the Merrie Melodies department. He began at Warners in 1933 as an animator but was fired and joined Iwerks in 1934. Tashlin returned to Warners in 1936, taking over direction of Merrie Melodies department. He returned in 1943 directing Porky and Daffy cartoons. He left in late 1944 to direct live-action films.  Avery left Warner Bros. in 1941 and went to work at MGM. Avery created Droopy in 1943 and many other characters during his 12-year career at MGM. Schlesinger sold his studio to Warner Bros. in August 1944. Edward Selzer was in turn named the new producer. By this time, Warner cartoons' top directors of the 1940s were Friz Freleng, Chuck Jones, Bob Clampett and recently Robert McKimson, who took over Frank Tashlin’s unit after he left the studio. Their cartoons are now considered classics of the medium. They directed some of the most beloved animated shorts of all time, including (for Clampett) Porky in Wackyland, Wabbit Twouble, A Corny Concerto, The Great Piggy Bank Robbery, The Big Snooze, (for Freleng) You Ought to Be in Pictures, Rhapsody in Rivets, Little Red Riding Rabbit, Birds Anonymous, Knighty Knight Bugs, (for Jones) Rabbit Fire, Duck Amuck, Duck Dodgers in the 24½th Century, One Froggy Evening, What's Opera, Doc?, (for McKimson) Walky Talky Hawky, Hillbilly Hare, Devil May Hare, The Hole Idea and Stupor Duck. Besides McKimson being promoted to director in the mid-1940s, Arthur Davis took over after Clampett in mid-1945, after being was fired by Selzer. Clampett went to work on Beany and Cecil. Many well known recurring characters were created by Jones, Freleng, McKimson and Clampett, and most instantly became popular at this time. This included Tweety (1942), Sylvester the Cat (1945), Pepé Le Pew (1945), Yosemite Sam (1945), Foghorn Leghorn (1946), The Goofy Gophers (1947), Marvin the Martian (1948), Wile E. Coyote and the Road Runner (1949), Granny (1950), The Tasmanian Devil (1954), Speedy Gonzales (1953, 1955) and among others. In 1948, Warners could no longer force theaters to buy their movies and shorts together as packages, due to the United States v. Paramount Pictures, Inc. anti-trust case that year. It resulted to shorts of the early 1960s to have tighter budgets. Davis' unit was shut down in 1949 by Warners due to budget issues, causing him to move to Freleng's unit to become one of his key animators. Edward Selzer in 1958, retired, leading to production manager John W. Burton to take his place. David DePatie assumed producer in 1960 after Burton left the studio.  After more than two decades at the top, Warner Bros. shut down the original "Termite Terrace" studio in 1963 and DePatie-Freleng Enterprises assumed production of the shorts, licensed by Warner Bros. Most of the series’ main cast of characters were retired from theaters at this time, including Warners most popular star, Bugs Bunny. Daffy Duck, however, would still appear in theatrical cartoons, mostly paired with Speedy Gonzales. Beside them, Porky Pig, Granny, Sylvester and the Goofy Gophers appeared in this era, but most appeared in just one or more shorts. 14 Wile E. Coyote and Roadrunner cartoons were also commissioned, with the last 11 being outsourced to Format Films, under direction of former Chuck Jones animator Rudy Larriva. These cartoons were not well received, and were criticized for its lack of spirit and charm to that of Jones’ shorts. After DePatie-Freleng ceased production of Looney Tunes in 1967, Bill Hendricks was put in charge of production of the newly renamed Warner Bros.-Seven Arts animation studio, and hired veterans such as Alex Lovy and LaVerne Harding from the Walter Lantz studio, Volus Jones and Ed Solomon from Disney, Jaime Diaz who later worked on The Fairly OddParents as director, and David Hanan, who previously worked on Roger Ramjet. Hendricks brought only three of the original Looney Tunes veterans to the studio, Ted Bonniscken, Norman McCabe and Bob Givens. The studio's one-shot cartoons from this era were critically panned and are widely considered to be the worst in the studio's history: Cool Cat, Merlin the Magic Mouse, Chimp and Zee and Norman Normal, despite the later gaining a large cult following, were said to be witless, crudely animated as well as having poor writing and design because of the extremely low budgets the crew had to work with by this time. Alex Lovy left the studio in 1968 and Robert McKimson took over. McKimson mostly focused on the recurring characters Alex Lovy had created and two of his own creation, Bunny and Claude. The last of the original Looney Tunes shorts produced was Bugged by a Bee and the last Merrie Melodies short was Injun Trouble, which shares its name with another Looney Tunes short from 1938. The Warner Bros.-Seven Arts studio finally shut down in 1969. A total of 1,039 Looney Tunes shorts had been created. A decade later, after the success of the film, The Bugs Bunny/Road Runner Movie, which consisted predominantly of footage from the classic shorts by Jones, a new in-house studio to produce original animation opened its doors in 1980 named Warner Bros. Animation, which exists to this day.  At first, Mickey Mouse was drawn by Walt Disney's long-time partner and friend Ub Iwerks, who was also a technical innovator in cartoons, and drew an average of 600 drawings for Disney on a daily basis,[59] Disney was responsible for the ideas in the cartoons, and Iwerks was responsible for bringing them to life.[59] However, Iwerks left the Disney studio in 1930 to form his own company, which was financially backed by Celebrity Pictures owner Pat Powers.[60] After his departure, Disney eventually found a number of different animators to replace Iwerks. Iwerks would produce three cartoon series during the 1930s: Flip the Frog and Willie Whopper for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, and the ComiColor Cartoons for Pat Powers' Celebrity Productions. However, none of these cartoons could come close to matching the success of Disney or Fleischer cartoons, and in 1933, MGM, Iwerks' cartoon distributor since 1930, ended distribution of his cartoons in favor of distributing Harman and Ising cartoons, and Iwerks left after his contract expired in 1934.[61] After his stay with MGM, Iwerks' cartoons were distributed by Celebrity Pictures, and Iwerks would answer to Disney's use of Technicolor and create the Comicolor series, which aired cartoons in two-strip Cinecolor.[62] However, by 1936, the Iwerks Studio began to experience financial setbacks and closed after Pat Powers withdrew financial aid to the studio.[63] After animating at Warner Brothers creating Gabby Goat and going to Screen Gems which was making cartoons for Columbia Pictures at the time, Iwerks returned to Disney in 1940, where he worked as the head of the "special effects development" division until his death in 1971.  After MGM dropped Iwerks, they hired Harman and Ising away from Leon Schlesinger and Warner Bros and appointed them heads of the studio. They began producing Bosko and Happy Harmonies cartoons which were emulative of Disney's Silly Symphonies.[64] However they failed to make a success in the theaters, and in 1937 the Bosko and Happy Harmonies series were discontinued and MGM replaced Harman and Ising with Fred Quimby.[65] After Quimby took over, he kept a number of Harman and Ising's staff and scouted other animation studios for talent (including Warner director Friz Freleng for a short period of time). He created an animated adaptation of the comic book series The Katzenjammer Kids which he re-titled The Captain & The Kids. The Captain & The Kids series was unsuccessful.[65] In 1939, however, Quimby gained success after rehiring Harman & Ising. After returning to MGM, Ising created MGM's first successful animated star named Barney Bear. Harman directed his masterpiece Peace on Earth in the meantime.[65] Despite this, both men would leave MGM in 1941 and 1943 respectively, as Harman would develop his own studio with for Disney animator Mel Shaw, while Ising quit to join the U.S. Army.  After Ising left MGM, his unit was left vacant until it was picked up again by animator George Gordon. He continued the  Barney Bear  series as well as directing other shorts such as The Storks Holiday, and a few other shorts featuring an unnamed donkey. Gordon was left uncredited for direction for most of the cartoons he directed. He later left the studio in 1943, leaving the unit vacant once again. In late 1946, animators Michael Lah and Preston Blair teamed up to exclusively direct more  Barney Bear cartoons. Lah himself claimed to have finished Gordon's The Unwelcome Guest, which was unfinished and also featured Barney. Both were able to give the bear a new life, as the tone of these cartoons were more familiar to the comedic slapstick from other cartoons from Hanna-Barbera and Tex Avery. In just three more years, Lah and Blair's directorial careers were abruptly halted as MGM dissolved the third unit, only leaving Hanna-Barbera and Avery's units left. By the 1950s, Tex Avery briefly departed MGM due to being overworked. Around the same time, Dick Lundy, who recently left Walter Lantz Production, was hired by MGM to fill the gap between Avery's departure. Barney Bear was once again commissioned for more cartoons, however, unlike the previous directors, Lundy changed Barney to speak full English, provided by Paul Frees. The manic style of direction from Avery's shorts is also noticeable in these shorts, as he was using Avery's unit. Upon late 1951, Avery returned to the studio, however, Lundy continued to direct Barney Bear shorts with his unit until 1954, where MGM finally canceled the Barney cartoons, as the studios would not direct any more cartoons featuring him.  In 1939, William Hanna and Joseph Barbera started a partnership that would last for more than six decades until Hanna's death in 2001. The duo's first cartoon together was Puss Gets the Boot (1940), featuring an unnamed mouse's attempts to outwit a housecat named Jasper. Though released without fanfare, the short was financially and critically successful, earning an Academy Award nomination for Best Short Subject (Cartoons) of 1940. On the strength of the Oscar nomination and public demand, Hanna and Barbera set themselves to producing a long-running series of cat-and-mouse cartoons, soon christening the characters Tom & Jerry. Puss Gets the Boot did not win the 1940 Academy Award for Best Cartoon, but another MGM cartoon, Rudolf Ising's The Milky Way did, making MGM cartoon studio the first studio to wrestle the Cartoon Academy Award away from Walt Disney. After appearing in Puss Gets the Boot, Tom and Jerry quickly became the stars of MGM cartoons. With Hanna-Barbera under their belts, MGM cartoon studio was finally able to compete with Walt Disney in the field of animated cartoons. The shorts were successful at the box office, many licensed products (comic books, toys, etc.) were released to the market, and the series would earn twelve more Academy Award for Short Subjects (Cartoons) nominations, with seven of the Tom and Jerry shorts going on to win the Academy Award: The Yankee Doodle Mouse (1943), Mouse Trouble (1944), Quiet Please! (1945), The Cat Concerto (1946), The Little Orphan (1948), The Two Mouseketeers (1951), and Johann Mouse (1952). Tom and Jerry was eventually tied with Disney's Silly Symphonies as the most-awarded theatrical cartoon series. No other character-based theatrical animated series has won more awards, nor has any other series featuring the same characters. In addition to classical Tom and Jerry shorts, Hanna and Barbera also produced/directed for MGM cartoon studio half a dozen one-shot theatrical shorts besides it, including Gallopin' Gals (1940), Officer Pooch (1941), War Dogs (1943) and Good Will to Men (a remake of Peace on Earth, 1955). Fred Quimby retired in 1955, with Hanna and Barbera replacing him in charge of the remaining MGM cartoons (including the last seven Tex Avery's Droopy episodes) until 1958, when the studio shut down, ending all the animation productions, the duo started the Hanna-Barbera animated television series company afterwards. Key to the successes of Tom and Jerry and other MGM cartoons was the work of Scott Bradley, who scored virtually all of the cartoons for the studio from 1934 to 1958. Bradley's scores made use of both classical and jazz sensibilities. In addition, he often used songs from the scores of MGM's feature films, the most frequent of them being "The Trolley Song" from Meet Me in St. Louis (1944) and "Sing Before Breakfast" from Broadway Melody of 1936.  Meanwhile, Tex Avery came to MGM cartoon studio in 1941 and revitalized their cartoon studio with the same spark that had infused the Warner animators. Tex Avery's wild surreal masterpieces of his MGM studio days set new standards for "adult" entertainment in Code-era cartoons. Tex Avery did not like to use recurring characters but did stay faithful to a character throughout his career at MGM with Droopy, who was created in Dumb-Hounded in 1943. Tex also created Screwy Squirrel in 1944, but Tex was less fond of him and discontinued the series after five cartoons. He also created the inspired Of Mice and Men duo George and Junior in 1946, but only four cartoons were produced.  In 1953, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer closed down the Tex Avery unit. Avery also left the studio at the time, with MGM promoting Micheal Lah to take Avery's position to direct cartoons once again. Fred Quimby retired in 1955, with Hanna and Barbera replacing him in charge of the remaining MGM cartoons (including the last seven of Tex Avery's Droopy cartoons) until 1958, when the studio shut down the H-B unit, ending all the animation productions. The duo would eventually develop their own studio, Hanna-Barbera in 1957, inheriting most of the staff in the process.  After Charles Mintz was fired from Paramount & Universal he was still in charge of his own cartoon operation producing Krazy Kat cartoons for Columbia Pictures. After the failure of Toby the Pup, which RKO Pictures discontinued in favor of Van Beuren Studios, He created a new series featuring a boy named Scrappy, created by Dick Huemer in 1931. Scrappy was a big break for Mintz and was also his most successful creation, but his studio would suffer irreparable damage after Dick Huemer was fired from the Mintz Studio in 1933.[66] In 1934, Mintz, like most other animation studios at the time, also attempted to answer Disney's use of Technicolor, and began making color cartoons through the Color Rhapsodies series,[67] the series was originally in either Cinecolor or two-strip Technicolor, but moved to three-strip Technicolor after Disney's contract with Technicolor expired in 1935. However, the series failed to garner attention, and by 1939, Mintz was largely indebted to Columbia Pictures. As a result, Mintz sold his studio to Columbia. Columbia renamed the studio, which Mintz still managed, Screen Gems,[68] Mintz died the following year. Frank Tashlin and John Hubley, were Disney animators who left during the strike, and obtained jobs at Screen Gems, where Tashlin served as head producer while Hubley acted as director for studio.[69] Tashlin helped Screen Gems gain more success by introducing The Fox and the Crow, Screen Gems' biggest stars. Tashlin maintained his position until Columbia Pictures released him from the studio in favor of Dave Fleischer in 1942.[69] The Screen Gems cartoons were only moderately successful and never gained the artistic talent of Disney, Warner Bros. or MGM. Columbia Pictures closed the studio in 1949 and started looking for a new cartoon production company.  In 1941, John Hubley left Screen Gems and formed a studio with former Disney animators Stephen Bosustow, David Hilberman, and Zachary Schwartz, who—like Hubley—had left Walt's nest during the animator's strike. The studio Hubley founded was a newer, smaller animation studio that focused on pursuing Hubley's own vision of trying out newer, more abstract and experimental styles of animation.[70] Bosustow, Hilberman, and Schwartz named the new studio as Industrial Film and Poster Service, or IFPS.[70] Artistically, the studio used a style of animation that has come to be known as limited animation. The first short from the newly formed studio was Hell-Bent for Election (directed by Warners veteran Chuck Jones), a cartoon made for the re-election campaign of Franklin D. Roosevelt. Although this new film was a success, it did not break the boundaries that Hubley and his staffers had hoped. It wasn't until the third short, Bobe Cannon's Brotherhood of Man, that the studio began producing shorts aggressively stylized in contrast to the films of the other studios. Cannon's film even preached a message that, at the time, was looked down upon—racial tolerance. By 1946, the studio was renamed as United Productions of America (UPA), and Hilberman and Schwartz had sold their shares of the studio stock to Bosustow.[70] In 1948, UPA also found a home for itself at Columbia Pictures and began producing theatrical cartoons for the general public, instead of just using propaganda and military training themes,[71] UPA also earned itself two Academy Award nominations for new cartoons starring The Fox and the Crow during its first two years in production. From there, the UPA animators began producing a series of cartoons that immediately stood out among the crowded field of mirror-image, copycat cartoons of the other studios. The success of UPA's Mr. Magoo series made all of the other studios sit up and take notice, and when the UPA short Gerald McBoing-Boing won an Oscar, the effect on Hollywood was immediate and electrifying. The UPA style was markedly different from everything else being seen on movie screens, and audiences responded to the change that UPA offered from the repetition of usual cat-mouse battles. Mr Magoo would go on to be the studio's most successful cartoon character.[72] However, UPA would suffer a major blow after John Hubley was fired from the studio during the McCarthy Era in 1952, due to suspicions of his having ties to Communism,[72] Steve Bosustow took over, but was not as successful as Hubley, and the studio was eventually sold to Henry Saperstein.[72] By 1953, UPA had gained great influence within the industry. The Hollywood cartoon studios gradually moved away from the lush, realistic detail of the 1940s to a more simplistic, less realistic style of animation. By this time, even Disney was attempting to mimic UPA.  1953's  shorts Melody and Toot, Whistle, Plunk and Boom in particular were experiments in stylization that followed in the footsteps of the newly formed studio. Around 1952, Eric Porter proposed two cartoons to Columbia, but these were rejected and both cartoons are currently in the public domain.  In 1959, UPA released 1001 Arabian Nights starring Mr Magoo, however, this was proved to be a failure, as this cost UPA their distribution deal with Columbia Pictures. they tried once more in 1962, UPA released Gay Purr-ee with the voice talents of Judy Garland, this time, with a distributor in Warner Brothers. In 1964, UPA decided to abandon animation and simply become a distribution company, where they would go on to distribute some of the Godzilla movies to America.  Prior to UPA's termination, Columbia struck a 10-year distribution deal with Hanna-Barbera, which had just left the freshly shut down Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Cartoon Studio. This deal would mostly be involved with Columbia's TV division, Screen Gems, which ironically borrowed the name from the animation studio. In 1959, Hanna-Barbera produced the only theatrical series for Columbia, Loopy De Loop. This series was a success, and ran until 1965. Hanna-Barbera also produced 2 movies for Columbia, which was Hey There, It's Yogi Bear! and The Man Called Flintstone. Columbia's 10-year contract with Hanna-Barbera expired in 1967, and was not renewed, thus ending Columbia's association with Hanna-Barbera in every way.  In 1928, Walter Lantz replaced Charles Mintz as producer of Universal Studios cartoons. Walter Lantz's main character at this time was Oswald the Lucky Rabbit, whose earlier cartoons had been produced by both Walt Disney and Charles Mintz. Lantz also started to experiment with color cartoons, and the first one, called Jolly Little Elves, was released in 1934. In 1935, Walter Lantz made his studio independent from Universal Studios, and the studio was now only the distributors of his cartoons, instead of the direct owners.[73] After seeing Disney's success of their first film Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Lantz planned to produce a full-length animation film based on the story Aladdin, and should’ve starred the famous comedy duo Abbot and Costello. However, due to the financial bomb of Mr. Bug Goes to Town, Lantz pulled the idea and the film was never produced.[74]  In the 1940s, Oswald began to lose popularity. Lantz and his staff worked on several ideas for possible new cartoon characters (among them Meany, Miny, and Moe and Baby-Face Mouse). Eventually one of these characters clicked, his name was Andy Panda,[75] who aired in Technicolor. However successful Andy was, it was not until the character's fifth cartoon, Knock Knock that a real breakthrough character was introduced. This was none other than Woody Woodpecker, who become Lantz's most successful creation.[76] For most of the studios life at the time, Lantz and Alex Lovy directed most of the cartoons until 1942, when Shamus Culhane (a former Disney animator who recently had a brief stint at Fleischer Studios and Warner Bros.) took Lantz' and Lovy's role of director. As a result, the cartoons had a more denser and surreal direction, similarly more in line to the MGM Cartoons. Due to negotiation issues between Lantz and Universal Studios (renamed as Universal-International), Lantz withdrawals from his parent company and contracted to distribute shorts under United Artists between 1947 and 1949. The shorts in this period were noticeable for having better animation from the shorts released under Universal. This was due to being influenced by director and Disney Veteran Dick Lundy, as well as the arrival of more professional animations, such as Ed Love, Fred Moore and Ken O'Brien. This was also the era where Andy Panda was officially discontinued due to his waning popularity. In total, 12 shorts were released under United Artists.  Due to a plethora of issues between distributors and exceeding loans from Bank of America,[77] Lantz was forced to close down his studio in 1949 in order to reduce said loans. It opened again in 1950 with a downsized staff, mainly because Lantz was able to sign a deal with Universal (known as Universal-International in this period) for more Woody Woodpecker cartoons, starting with 1951's Puny Express. Woody would continue to appear in cartoons until the early 1970s. Paul J. Smith, a Disney veteran who worked for Lantz in the 40s, returned to work for the studio for the majority of the studio's lifespan at this time as an animator, and later a director. Paul created Chilly Willy, who first appeared in 1953, and became Lantz' second most popular character besides Woody. He would later be refined by Tex Avery in the following year, who left MGM earlier that decade. Avery himself would direct only 4 shorts during his time at Walter Lantz Productions, until finally leaving his career of directing animated shorts in 1956. Additional directional contributions included Don Patterson, Jack Hannah, and Sid Marcus. Alex Lovy also returned as role of director since the early 40s. Walter Lantz finally shut down the studio in 1973, saying that continuing to produce shorts would be impossible due to rising inflation, which seemed to have tightened his cartoons budgets by the late 1950s. However, for Walter Lantz, Woody Woodpecker's survival was lengthened when he started appearing in The Woody Woodpecker Show from 1957 to 1987, from which it entered syndication until 1990. NBC revived the show twice—in 1991 and 1992, and finally in 1997, Lantz sold all of the Woody Woodpecker shorts to Universal, then part of MCA.  Before Paul Terry created his own studio, he was employed by Bray Productions, where he created his first popular character, Farmer Al Falfa. Later in 1921, he co-funded the Fables Animation studios with Amedee J. Van Beuren. Beuren however became anxious in the late 1920s due to the phenomenon of a new film format of pre-synchronized sound in film. Beuren urged Terry to produce films in this format, but refused, forcing him to fire Terry in 1929.  After losing his Aesop's Film Fables series to Van Beuren Studios in 1929, Terry established a new studio called Terrytoons. Most of the staff of Fables Animation moved with him to the new studio, including Art Babbitt, who later became one of Disney's most known animators. Terrytoons produced 26 cartoons a year for E.W. Hammons' Educational Pictures, which in turn supplied short-subject product to the Fox Film Corporation. Terry's cartoons of the 1930s were mainly black-and-white musical cartoons without recurring characters, except for Farmer Al Falfa, who had appeared in Paul Terry's cartoons since the silent era.  Educational foundered in the late 1930s, and Terry signed directly with Fox to distribute his pictures. The 1930s and 1940s brought Terry's most popular and successful characters, Gandy Goose beginning in 1938, Mighty Mouse beginning in 1942, and Heckle and Jeckle, developed by combining what was originally a husband-and-wife pair of mischievous magpies from the 1946 Farmer Al Falfa cartoon The Talking Magpies with Terry's notion that twin brothers or look-alikes had comic possibilities. Other characters include Dinky Duck in 1939, Dimwit the Dog (originally paired with Heckle and Jeckle), Sourpuss (usually paired with Gandy Goose) and among others. Terrytoons was also nominated four times for the Academy Award for Animated Short Film: All Out for V in 1942, My Boy, Johnny in 1944, Mighty Mouse in Gypsy Life in 1945, and Sidney's Family Tree in 1958. Despite the success, Terry's cartoons are known to have the lowest-budgets out of any major studio at the time. Popular music for example was not used for the majority of the studio's life, as Terry refused to pay royalties, making music director Philip A. Scheib to compose original scores. Credits were also sparse. Until 1957, the cartoons only credited the director, the story writer and the music director. The cartoons were also experimental and lacked quality control, leading to animators animating in a very inconstant style (animator James "Jim" Tyer is well known for animating in a very loose and off-model style).  Terry sold his company and its backlog to CBS in 1953 and retired.  CBS continued to operate the studio for nearly 15 years afterward, with the studios now under management by Gene Deitch. The output divided between theatrical short cartoons and television series, as well as creating new characters such as Tom Terrific, Lariat Sam, and Deputy Dawg, Sidney the Elephant, Gaston Le Crayon, John Doormat, and Clint Clobber (who would be used again as Tom's human owner in Deitch's Tom and Jerry). Around this time, Terrytoons also began producing cartoons in CinemaScope. New staff members were also joined the crew, including former Famous Studios animators David Tendlar and Martin Taras,  and Ralph Bakshi, who is considered Terrytoons most talented member of the studio. Terrytoons finally closed its doors in 1972, in which Bakshi moved to Famous Studios as a director, though it also closed that year.  In 1928, producer Amadee J. Van Beuren formed a partnership with Paul Terry and formed the "Aesop's Fables Studio" for the production of the Aesop's Film Fables cartoon series. In 1929, Terry left to start his own studio and was replaced by John Foster who took over the animation department, and renamed the studio Van Beuren Studios. Van Beuren continued the Aesop's Fables series, and unsuccessfully tried a cartoon adaptation of radio blackface comedians Amos 'n Andy.  Other Van Beuren cartoons featured Tom and Jerry (not the cat and mouse, but a Mutt and Jeff-like human duo,) and Otto Soglow's comic strip character The Little King. Frank Tashlin and Joseph Barbera were among animators who worked briefly for the studio during its short life. In 1934, as other studios were putting cartoons in Technicolor to answer to Disney's Silly Symphonies cartoon series, Van Beuren Studio abandoned its remaining cartoons and answered Disney's use of Technicolor by creating the Rainbow Parade series, which was all color. However, the series was not a success, and by 1936, RKO Pictures, the owner of the Van Beuren Studio, closed the studio as RKO chose to instead distribute Disney cartoons.[78]  In 1946, Republic Pictures incorporated a piece of animation by Walter Lantz into Sioux City), a western starring Gene Autry. That same year, Bob Clampett, who had just left Warner Bros., got to direct one cartoon with the title It's a Grand Old Nag before the company cancelled a potential animated series.[79] In 1949, Republic started a new cartoon series called Jerky Journeys, led by Art Heineman. The cartoons were not fully animated (only used for quick-paced sequences), but featured layouts and background designs by Robert Gribbroek, Peter Alvarado and Paul Julian, all of which were from Warner Bros. Republic discontinued the series after four cartoons were made.[80]  Founded in 1948 by animator Jay Ward, Jay Ward Productions aired the first cartoon made for television, Crusader Rabbit and is also remembered for The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle and Friends (1959–1964), as well as several iconic advertisements, such as those for breakfast cereals. Employing a limited animation style, the success of Jay Ward cartoons laid in its densely-packed visual gags and wordplay.  While much of the focus in an animated cartoon is on the visuals, the vocal talents and symphonic scores that accompanied the images were also very important to the cartoons' success. As motion pictures drew audiences away from their radio sets, it also drew talented actors and vocal impressionists into film and animation. Mel Blanc gave voice to most of Warner Bros. more popular characters, including Bugs Bunny, Porky Pig (starting in 1937), and Daffy Duck. Other voices and personalities from vaudeville and radio contributed to the popularity of animated films in the Golden Era.  Some of these (generally uncredited) actors included Cliff Edwards (also known as Ukulele Ike), Arthur Q. Bryan, Stan Freberg, Bea Benaderet, Bill Thompson, Grace Stafford, Jim Backus, June Foray, and Daws Butler.  Cartoons of this era also included scores played by studio orchestras. Carl Stalling at Schlesinger/Warner Bros., Scott Bradley at MGM and Winston Sharples at Paramount composed numerous cartoon soundtracks, creating original material as well as incorporating familiar classical and popular melodies. Many of the early cartoons, particularly those of Disney's Silly Symphonies series, were built around classical pieces. These cartoons sometimes featured star characters, but many had simple nature themes.  For a great part of the history of Hollywood animation, the production of animated films was an exclusive industry that did not branch off very often into other areas. The various animation studios worked almost exclusively on producing animated cartoons and animated titles for movies.  Only occasionally was animation used for other aspects of the movie industry. The low-budget Superman serials of the 1940s used animated sequences of Superman flying and performing super-powered feats which were used in the place of live-action special effects, but this was not a common practice.  The exclusivity of animation also resulted in the birth of a sister industry that was used almost exclusively for motion picture special effects: stop motion animation. In spite of their similarities, the two genres of stop-motion and hand-drawn animation rarely came together during the Golden Age of Hollywood. Stop-motion animation made a name for itself with the 1933 box-office hit King Kong, where animator Willis O'Brien defined many of the major stop motion techniques used for the next 50 years. The success of King Kong led to a number of other early special effects films, including Mighty Joe Young, which was also animated by O'Brien and helped to start the careers of several animators, including Ray Harryhausen, who came into his own in the 1950s. George Pal was the only stop-motion animator to produce a series of stop-motion animated cartoons for theatrical release, the Puppetoon series for Paramount, some of which were animated by Ray Harryhausen. Pal went on to produce several live-action special effects-laden feature films.  Stop motion animation reached the height of its popularity during the 1950s. The exploding popularity of science fiction films led to an exponential development in the field of special effects, and George Pal became the producer of several popular special effects-laden films.  Meanwhile, Ray Harryhausen's work on such films as Earth vs. the Flying Saucers, The Seventh Voyage of Sinbad, and The Beast from 20,000 Fathoms drew in large crowds and encouraged the development of "realistic" special effects in films. These effects used many of the same techniques as cel animation, but still the two media did not often come together. Stop motion developed to the point where Douglas Trumbull's effects in 2001: A Space Odyssey seemed lifelike to an unearthly degree.  Hollywood special effects continued to develop in a manner that largely avoided cel animation, though several memorable animated sequences were included in live-action feature films of the era. The most famous of these was a scene during the movie Anchors Aweigh, in which actor Gene Kelly danced with an animated Jerry Mouse (of Tom and Jerry fame). But except for occasional sequences of this sort, the only real integration of cel animation into live-action films came in the development of animated credit and title sequences. Saul Bass' opening sequences for Alfred Hitchcock's films (including Vertigo, North by Northwest, and Psycho) are highly praised, and inspired several imitators.  The major Hollywood studios contributed greatly to the war effort, and their cartoon studios pitched in as well with various contributions. At the Fleischer studios, Popeye the Sailor joined the Navy and began fighting Nazis and "Japs", while the Warner Bros. studio produced a series of Private Snafu instructional film cartoons especially for viewing by enlisted soldiers. Even Disney was involved in the war effort, producing both satirical comedies such as Der Fuhrer's Face, and commentaries such as Education for Death.  The 1960s saw some creative sparks in the theatrical film medium, in particular from DePatie–Freleng Enterprises. Their first and most successful project was animating the opening titles for the 1964 film, The Pink Panther, starring Peter Sellers. The film and its animated sequences were so successful that United Artists commissioned the studio to produce a Pink Panther cartoon series. The first short, The Pink Phink, won the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film of 1964. The studio also produced other successful cartoon series such as The Inspector and The Ant and the Aardvark.  Meanwhile, Chuck Jones, who had been fired from Warner Bros., moved to MGM to produce thirty-four theatrical Tom and Jerry cartoons in late 1963. These cartoons were animated in his distinctive style, but they never quite matched the popularity of the Hanna-Barbera originals of the 1940s and 1950s heyday. However, they were more successful than the Gene Deitch Tom and Jerry shorts, which were produced overseas during 1961 and 1962.  From 1964 to 1967, DePatie–Freleng produced Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies shorts under contract with Warner Bros. These cartoons can be recognized easily because they use the modern abstract WB logos instead of the famous bullseye WB shield concentric circles. The studio also subcontracted 11 Wile E. Coyote and the Road Runner cartoons to Format Films. DePatie–Freleng ceased production of Looney Tunes and moved to the San Fernando Valley in 1967 to continue production of their Pink Panther cartoons producing the final original theatrical cartoon in 1977. The subsequent Pink Panther shorts 1978–1981 were originally produced for television and then released into theaters. In 1967, WB would resume production on their own cartoons, before shutting down the theatrical cartoon department altogether in 1969. In 1981, the studio was purchased by Marvel Comics and was renamed Marvel Productions.  In 1946, the animation union of the time negotiated a pay increase of 25%, making the cartoons more expensive to produce on a general basis. After the 1948 verdict following the Hollywood Antitrust case, there was no longer a booking guarantee on the theatres for cartoons from any of the studios, making it a more risky business and because of this less resources were invested in the theatrical shorts, causing a gradual decline. By the beginning of the 1950s, the medium of television was beginning to gain more momentum, and the animation industry began to change as a result. At the head of this change were the tandem of William Hanna and Joseph Barbera, the creators of Tom and Jerry. The new Hanna-Barbera utilized the limited animation style that UPA had pioneered. With this limited animation, Hanna and Barbera created several characters including Huckleberry Hound, The Flintstones, Yogi Bear and Top Cat. With television's growing popularity, which included the Saturday morning cartoons, a much more significant decline began in movie-going in the 1960s. To face the competition from TV, the theaters did what they could to reduce their own costs. One way of doing so was booking features only and avoiding the expenses of shorts, which were considered unnecessary and too expensive. Those few shorts that found their way to the theaters despite this are often viewed by critics as inferior to their predecessors.  This is a timeline of American animation studios' active production of regularly released cartoon shorts for theatrical exhibition. Some studios continue to release animated shorts to theaters on an infrequent basis. The colors correspond to the animation studio's associated theatrical distributor.    Seven animated features from Disney (Snow White, Pinocchio, Fantasia, Dumbo, Bambi, Cinderella and Sleeping Beauty) and  several animated shorts (Steamboat Willie, Betty Boop's take of Snow White, Three Little Pigs, Popeye Meets Sinbad the Sailor, Porky in Wackyland, Gerald McBoing Boing, The Tell-Tale Heart, Duck Amuck and What's Opera Doc?) were each inducted into the National Film Registry.[81] They were also part of animation historian's Jerry Beck's 1994 book survey of The 50 Greatest Cartoons.  The 1988 film  Who Framed Roger Rabbit has honored both the golden age of American animation and classical Hollywood cinema.[82] The film featured cameos of various characters from multiple studios, such as Disney, Warner Bros., Fleischer Studios, and Universal, among others. The film also contains the only time in cinematic history that Disney's Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck cross over with Warner Bros. Studios' Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck, respectively, onscreen.  The 2017 video game Cuphead features an animation style inspired by the works of Disney and Fleischer from this period.  Animation in the United States during the silent era Golden age of American animation World War II and American animation Animation in the United States in the television era Modern animation in the United States v t e Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs Pinocchio Fantasia Dumbo Bambi The Barn Dance Flowers and Trees Three Little Pigs The Chain Gang Mickey's Revue The Wise Little Hen The Band Concert The Old Mill Saludos Amigos The Three Caballeros Make Mine Music Fun and Fancy Free Melody Time The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad Der Fuehrer's Face Education for Death Reason and Emotion The New Spirit Commando Duck Cinderella Alice in Wonderland Peter Pan Lady and the Tramp Sleeping Beauty One Hundred and One Dalmatians The Sword in the Stone The Jungle Book The Simple Things It's Tough to Be a Bird Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree Animation portal 1920s portal 1950s portal 1960s portal History of animation Animated cartoon List of animation shorts"
Fusivoluta anomala;"   Fusivoluta anomala is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae, the volutes.[1]    This Volutidae-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Dolný Kubín District;" Dolný Kubín District (okres Dolný Kubín) is a district in the Žilina Region of central Slovakia.[1] District is located in a hilly area north of Malá Fatra mountain range. Core of the district economy represent engineering, electrical engineering, metallurgy and wood processing industry. In the district are several middle-sized construction companies. Its seat and center is its largest town Dolný Kubín.  Coordinates: 49°12′32″N 19°17′43″E﻿ / ﻿49.20889°N 19.29528°E﻿ / 49.20889, 19.29528    This Žilina Region geography article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Matyshevo (settlement);" Matyshevo (Russian: Матышево) is a rural locality (a settlement) in Matyshevskoye Rural Settlement, Rudnyansky District, Volgograd Oblast, Russia. The population was 134 as of 2010.[2]  Matyshevo is located in steppe, on the Khopyorsko-Buzulukskaya Plain, 30 km northwest of Rudnya (the district's administrative centre) by road. Matyshevo (selo) is the nearest rural locality.[3]  This Rudnyansky District, Volgograd Oblast location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Orient Express (magazine);"   Orient Express was a monthly comic magazine published in Italy from 1982 to 1985.  Orient Express was founded in 1982[1] by Luigi Bernardi and intended to offer to its adult audience only high quality stories by Italian cartoonists. The first issue appeared in June 1982.[2] The magazine was published monthly and featured unreleased stories of both well-known and unpublished characters.[3][4] The magazine had its headquarters in Bologna until 1984 when it moved to Milan.[2]  Series published by the magazine include Lo Sconosciuto and I Briganti by Magnus,[5] Ken Parker by  Giancarlo Berardi and Ivo Milazzo, Martin Mystère by Alfredo Castelli and Giancarlo Alessandrini, Max Fridman by Vittorio Giardino, Johnny Focus by Attilio Micheluzzi, Stella Noris by Lorena Canossa and Roberto Baldazzini, Big Sleeping by Daniele Panebarco.[4][3]  A collection of the magazine's best stories, Orient Express Collezione, was published between June 1985 and February 1986.[3]  List of magazines published in Italy"
Celia de Molina;" Celia de Molina Díaz (Linares, Jaén,  March 31, 1983) is a Spanish actress and screenwriter known for starring in the film Cómo sobrevivir a una despedida and for being the creator and host of the web series El antivlog.  Celia de Molina was born on March 31st, 1983 in Linares, Jaén, but grew up in Granada. She is the daughter of Agustin de Molina Ortega and Emilia Diaz Quero. She is the older sister of the actress, Natalia de Molina.[2] She has two older sisters, Isabel De Molina and Emilia De Molina. She graduated from the Escuela Superior de Arte Dramático de Sevilla y Málaga in 2007 and has taken several training courses, both in acting and in dance and singing.[3]  She has developed most of her career as an actress in theater. In 2010, she created the theatrical space Garaje Lumière in Madrid, which she directed and played the role of stage programmer for three years.[4]  Her television debut was with a small episodic role in the Canal Sur series Arrayán.[5] We have also been able to see her in series such as Anclados , Yo quisiera and Cuerpo de Élite with episodic characters.[6] In 2018, she appeared as a secondary in the series Lontano da te, which is currently in post-production and can be seen in Italy and Spain, and stars Megan Montaner, Pepón Nieto and Rosario Pardo, among others.  In the cinema, she has had several incursions as a supporting actress. Her big break came in 2015 when she starred in the film Cómo sobrevivir a una despedida  by director Manuela Burló Moreno. She appeared in that film alongside her sister Natalia de Molina, Úrsula Corberó, Brays Efe and María Hervás.[7]  In 2016, she created and starred in the webseries El Antivlog, which can be seen through the platform Flooxer. It is a humorous critique of the vlogger world.[8]  In 2017, she started working on the comedy Late Motiv, directed by Andreu Buenafuente and broadcast on the pay channel #0.[9] Also in that year, she was in the second season of the comedy show El fin de la comedia, which was led by Ignatius Farray.[10]  She is currently developing what will be her first feature film as screenwriter and director, No es universal at the Film Academy Residencies.[11]  She is in a relationship with Italian Francesco Pozzi with whom she has a son.[12] "
Louis Langhurst;" Louis Francis Langhurst (22 January 1907 – 17 May 1995) was an American engineer and inventor. Born in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, he is best known for building a 7/10-scale flying replica of Germany's feared Junkers Ju 87 Stuka dive-bomber.  Louis Langhurst spent over 35 years building and designing equipment for the extraction of useful oils from soybeans, nuts and other vegetables and held several patents for cracking and flaking machines built specifically for this purpose. Though possessing only a high school education, he became largely self-taught in mechanical, chemical, structural and aeronautical engineering. He sought to enlist during WWII but was turned down as his work with strategically valuable raw materials was considered more important to the war effort than his direct participation in the armed forces. He did obtain a pilot's license in 1944, however. Langhurst owned several different aircraft in later years, including a Luscombe, BT-13 Vultee Valiant, North American AT-6 Texan and a Stinson SR-10 Reliant. In 1967-68 he built a Smith Miniplane and rebuilt a Mooney Mite in 1970.[1]  In 1970, while living on a 70-acre farm in Carriere, Mississippi, Louis Langhurst first got the idea of building a replica Junkers Ju 87 Stuka, a two-seat monoplane dive-bomber used by Germany's Luftwaffe (Air Force) during WWII. Langhurst patterned his replica on the Ju 87B-2, as this version was in production at the outbreak of WWII and constituted the largest number of all Stukas built during the war.[2]  With no original plans available, Langhurst spent the next three years gathering and studying research materials on the aircraft and making the necessary aerodynamic calculations in order to draft plans for a 7/10th scaled-down version. Only two original and intact Ju 87 Stukas existed in the world. One, a Ju 87D model, was on display at the Royal Air Force Museum in Hendon, England. The other, a Ju 87B of the type Langhurst wanted to build, was owned by the Chicago Museum of Science and Industry. At this time, the latter Stuka was on loan to the EAA Air Museum in Franklin, WI for restoration as it had been damaged in Chicago while being lowered from the ceiling for cleaning. Langhurst made several trips to the EAA Museum in Wisconsin, taking numerous detailed photos and measurements of the plane. From these he developed 3-view drawings.[1]  By April 1973, Langhurst had enough drawings completed to actually begin cutting metal. He opted for all-metal construction based on the parameters he had set for the scale replica and also because he felt his metal-working skills were superior to those he had working with wood.[3] Framing was steel tubing with .020 and .025 2024-T3 aluminum skinning on the wings, fuselage and tail surfaces. Langhurst selected a standard NACA 2415 airfoil for the wing ribbing as it closely hewed to the original Stuka rib type. Where compound curves were necessary, such as the engine cowling and wheel spats, he fabricated parts from fiberglass.[1]  The original Stuka dive-bomber had fixed, rather than retractable, landing gear and this greatly simplified Langhurst's choice of a substitute. He installed the landing gear and tail wheel salvaged from a Fairchild PT-19 training plane. It mattered little that these did not exactly resemble the originals as the main wheels on a Stuka were normally covered with streamlined metal spats. Langhurst would later fashion similarly shaped spats out of fiberglass. He also utilized the PT-19's control stick and linkages for the control surfaces on his Stuka.[1]  Langhurst constructed his Stuka's sliding three-section "greenhouse" crew canopy from 1/2"-square 4130 tubing and 1/16" Plexiglas, covering it with aluminum strips. The plane's three-bladed fixed-pitch wooden propeller was fashioned by Ted Hendrickson who specialized in creating custom-made props.[4]  Because Langhurst's Stuka was scaled down from the original, he ran into what he termed "scaling effects", changes that occur in aerodynamic performance, handling and center-of-gravity (CG) due to differences in overall weight and the reduced surface area of the wings and control surfaces. This necessitated deviating in some instances from the shape of the original Ju 87, most notably a visibly shorter rear fuselage length.  Langhurst initially housed his Stuka project in a shed on his farm but later built a proper hangar for the plane once it outgrew this space. He also applied for and was granted permission to clear a 1,700-ft grass airstrip on his property from which to fly the completed aircraft. By his own estimation, Langhurst spent 8,000 man-hours working on his Stuka.[3]  After much consideration, Langhurst painted the aircraft in the same scheme and unit markings as that of Germany's most highly decorated Stuka pilot, Oberst Hans-Ulrich Rudel, who commanded III Gruppe/Stuka Geschwader 2 Immelman (III./StG2) on the Eastern Front during WWII. The plane was assigned the official FAA registration tail code N87LL and sports the registration code T6+AD along the fuselage.[3]  By July 1978, Langhurst's replica Stuka was complete and ready for flight testing. Following an inspection of the aircraft, the FAA agent in Jackson Mississippi issued temporary airworthiness papers so that testing could begin. Initially the plane's wheel pants, dive brakes, machine guns and dummy center line-mounted bomb were left off so as to conduct testing of the aircraft in a "clean" condition. Later in the program, these items were individually added back on to determine how they affected the plane's overall handling characteristics.[2]  Among the initial problems encountered with the aircraft were flight controls out of adjustment, inadequate braking action and shimmying of the tail wheel. None of these posed any serious impediments to the aircraft's basic aerodynamic performance, however, and all were eventually corrected. A flight accident occurred when one of the test pilots applied the brakes too hard upon landing, tipping the aircraft nose first and wrecking the plane's propeller. Langhurst had to wait eight months for the manufacture of a new custom-made propeller.[5]  By July 1979 the flight testing and necessary flying time were finished and the FAA lifted the temporary restrictions. Langhurst had long planned on taking the plane to the annual EAA Fly-In at Oshkosh, WI and, with his friend Col. Reggie Braddock at the controls and Langhurst occupying the backwards-facing rear gunner's seat, made the 900 mile trip that summer. Langhurst had attended the Fly-In for the past 15 years but this was the first time he had his own home-built aircraft to bring along.[6]  In talking over the Ju 87 Stuka's actual flight characteristics with several former Luftwaffe pilots who had flown them during the war, Langhurst felt his replica shared many similarities, chiefly the quick responsiveness of the controls, the need to "…fly the airplane all the time you are in it" and the ability to land it three point or on two wheels with equal ease. In November 1980, legendary Stuka pilot Hans-Ulrich Rudel, in company with his wife Ursula,  appeared on Langhurst's doorstep in Mississippi, wishing to see and possibly fly in Langhurst's replica. Though Langhurst's pilot's medical certificate had been revoked by the FAA due to a kidney operation and he could no longer legally fly an airplane, Langhurst obligingly rolled his Stuka out from its hangar. Rudel clambered into the rear gunner's seat while Langhurst turned over the engine and the two took off together to put the plane through its paces, including a steep dive aimed at the grass airfield. Afterwards, Rudel declared, "It is handling exactly as the real Stuka, only how nice to fly one and not be shot at!".[7][8]  In 1981, after 175 hours of flight time, Langhurst loaned his home-built Stuka to the San Diego Aerospace Museum (now the San Diego Air and Space Museum) where it was placed on display for the next ten years. When the museum declined an offer to purchase the plane for its permanent collection, Langhurst listed it in the publication Trade-A-Plane and sold the aircraft to newspaper editor Roland Weeks of Biloxi, Mississippi. In 2002, Weeks sold the plane to Mitch Sammons of Augusta, Maine where the plane was a frequent performer at local air shows.[9][10] In 2018, Mitch Sammons donated the Langhurst Stuka to the Big Easy Wing of the Commemorative Air Force (CAF) where it now resides at Lakefront Airport in New Orleans, Louisiana.  A second flyable Stuka replica, also 7/10-scale, was completed by Richard H. Kurzenberger of Horseheads, NY in 1987. Kurzenberger had seen Langhurst's Stuka at the EAA Fly-In in Oshkosh, WI in 1979 and talked with him about the plane. Langhurst had no plans to share but simply offered these words of advice: "If you are a builder, you know what to do." Kurzenberger snapped a picture of Langhurst's Stuka and studied it for three months. He then began making sketches and finally produced a scaled-up 3-D drawing to work from.[11]  Upon Kurzenberger's retirement in 1983 at age 65, he started work on his replica. Like Langhurst, Kurzenberger purchased a junked PT-19 fuselage, mainly to use its fixed landing gear but also to salvage any usable 4130 Chromalloy tubing and re-use the control linkages and rod ends which had stainless steel needle bearings and would give the replica Stuka's flight controls a smoother feel. Kurzenberger also acquired a Lycoming GO-435 C model aero engine through a publication called Trade-A-Plane. It came complete with a three-blade constant speed propeller. Kurzenberger simplified some of the forms on his Stuka, especially around the nose of the plane, so it did not adhere as faithfully as Langhurst's to the original Ju 87 dive-bomber's lines. He also chose to omit the swastika emblems on the tail. In overall appearance, however, there was no mistaking what historical plane it represented.[12]  In July 1986, Kurzenberger took his Stuka up on its first test flight. It was given the FAA registration code N87DK and sported the fuselage registration code T6+KL. Kurzenberger received an FAA-issued certificate of airworthiness in 1987. He kept the plane stored in nearby Elmira, NY for the next twelve years until he sold it in 2000 with an accrued flight time of 359 hours. The new owner's father, Amos Faux-Burhans, making his first familiarization flight in the aircraft, crashed upon take-off from the Faux-Burhans Airport in Urbana, Maryland on 26 May 2000 and died from his injuries. His son had purchased the plane just two weeks earlier. The aircraft was so badly damaged from both the crash impact and subsequent fire that it was written off.[13]  Vladimir Nesonov, a retired Ukrainian army pilot, built a 3/4-scale replica Stuka from scrap and powered it with a four-cylinder engine. He flew it for the first time in June 2002 at an airfield in Dzhankoi, Ukraine. The plane is currently on exhibit at the Central Air Force Museum at Monino Airfield, just east of Moscow.[14]  As of 2016, Jeff Willoughby was still working on a 5/8-scale Stuka replica in Pennsylvania, a project he began in 2003. Construction is primarily wood with an aluminum main spar and aluminum skinning for the wings and fuselage. The plane will be powered by a 110 hp converted Corvair automobile engine.[15]  A fifth replica Stuka, similar to Jeff Willoughby's in scale and engine size, was under construction in Serbia as of 2011 but currently remains unfinished.  Data from Military Aircraft Replicas: A New Era in Flight[16] General characteristics  Performance  Armament  Crew: 2 Length: 24 ft 0 in (7.32 m) Wingspan: 32 ft 6 in (9.91 m) Height: 7 ft 6 in (2.29 m) Wing area: 164 sq ft (15.2 m2) Empty weight: 1,680 lb (762 kg) Gross weight: 2,275 lb (1,032 kg) Powerplant: 1 × Lycoming GO-435-B 6-cylinder air-cooled horizontally-opposed piston engine, 220 hp (160 kW) Propellers: 3-bladed constant-speed wooden propeller Maximum speed: 119 kn (137 mph, 220 km/h) Rate of climb: 1,100 ft/min (5.6 m/s) Wing loading: 13.8 lb/sq ft (67 kg/m2) Guns:  2× 7.92 mm (0.312 in) dummy machine guns in wings 1× 7.92 mm (0.312 in) dummy machine gun on flexible mount, rear cockpit 2× 7.92 mm (0.312 in) dummy machine guns in wings 1× 7.92 mm (0.312 in) dummy machine gun on flexible mount, rear cockpit Bombs:  250 kg (551 lb) dummy bomb mounted along center line of fuselage 4× 50 kg (110 lb) dummy bombs mounted near wingtips 250 kg (551 lb) dummy bomb mounted along center line of fuselage 4× 50 kg (110 lb) dummy bombs mounted near wingtips"
Svetoslav Barkanichkov;" Svetoslav Barkanichkov (Bulgarian: Светослав Бърканичков, born 1 March 1974) is a Bulgarian footballer.[1]  Born in Pleven, Barkanichkov has been a squad member of numerous clubs in the top division of Bulgarian football, most notably becoming champion of Bulgaria twice - in 2001 (with Levski Sofia)[2] and in 2004 (with Loko Plovdiv). In the mid to late 2000s, he also donned the shirt of teams from Poland.[1]  In 2001, after having impressed Uzbek scouts during an Albena Cup match between Levski Sofia and Uzbekistan, Barkanichkov received a lucrative financial offer to represent the Central Asian country's national team, but refused it, as he was at the time on then manager of Bulgaria Stoycho Mladenov's radar. Eventually he never got to play international football, as he was plagued by injury problems during the year 2001.[1][3]  Barkanichkov is presently employed as a fitness instructor in Pleven in addition to continuing to play football at the amateur level in Bulgaria.[1] In 2009 and 2014, he was a participant in the 4th and 5th seasons of Survivor, receiving praise for his performance.[4] Barkanichkov is married and has a son.[1] He is a fan of Premier League team Southampton, with Matthew Le Tissier being one of his football idols.[5] Barkanichkov is a huge enthusiast regarding vampires.[5] "
2017 DStv Mzansi Viewers' Choice Awards;" The 2017 DStv Mzansi Viewers' Choice Awards ceremony was held on August 26, 2017 at Sandton Convention Centre, Johannesburg. [1] The awards honoured the year's achievements in television, music, sports, and comedy voted by viewers in South Africa.[2] [3]  Prince Kaybee (featuring Lady Zamar) - "Charlotte"  Thembisa Mdoda  •Iminam Tatiya  Summary  Sjava  BA2CADA  Themba Ndaba  Vatiswa Ndara  Kwesta  Black Coffee  Caster Semenya  Thembisa Mdoda  Mama' Anna  Hugh Masekela  DStv Mzansi Viewers' Choice Awards 2018 → Musa (featuring Robbie Malinga) - "Mthande" Black Motion (featuring Nokwazi)- "iMali" Bhizer (featuring Busiswa, S.C Gorna and Bhepepe) - "Gobisiqolo" Okmalumkoolkat - "Gqi" Robert Marawa Pearl Modiadie Phat Joe Bonang Matheba Skhumba Celeste Ntuli Tumi Morake Mashabela Amanda Black Zamani Mbatha Michelle Mosalakae Andile Phehlukwayo T-Bose Tbo Touch Anele Mdoda Sgqemeza Ntokozo Dlamini Warren Masemola Siyabonga Thwala Sello Maake Ka-Ncube Thuso Mbedu Masasa Mbangeni Lorcia Cooper Dawn Thandeka King Lebo Sekgobela Black Motion AKA Cassper Nyovest DJ Zinhl & DJ Tira Prince Kaybee DJ Shimza DJ Tira Wayde van Niekerk Kagiso Rabada Keagan Dolly Akani Simbine"
Ornarantia dyari;"   Ornarantia dyari is a moth in the family Choreutidae. It was described by August Busck in 1900. It is found in Florida[1] and on the Bahamas. The species name honors entomologist Harrison Gray Dyar Jr.[2]  The length of the forewings is 6.2 mm for males and 7.7 m for females. The basal half of the forewings is brown with tan-tipped scales. The midwing has white fascia, while the apical half is mostly white. The hindwings are fuscous with tan-brown streaks. Adults are on wing in January, March and April in Florida and in July in the Bahamas.[3]  The larvae feed on Ficus species. They skeletonize the leaves of their host plant.[4]    This article on a moth of the family Choreutidae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Hemerophila dyari Busck, 1900"
Dilys Powell;"   Elizabeth Dilys Powell, CBE (20 July 1901 – 3 June 1995) was a British film critic and travel writer who contributed to The Sunday Times for more than 50 years. Powell was known for her receptiveness to cultural change in the cinema and coined many classic phrases about films and actors. She was a founding member of the Independent Television Authority (ITA), which launched commercial television in the UK. She was also the second female president of the Classical Association. Powell wrote several books on films and her travels in Greece.  Dilys Powell was born in Bridgnorth, Shropshire, to Thomas Powell (a bank manager) and Mary Jane Lloyd. She attended Talbot Heath School, Bournemouth before winning an exhibition[1] to read Modern Languages at Somerville College, Oxford.[2]  Powell considered studying Classics (Literae Humaniores) – "Greats" – at Oxford University, but she was advised against it by her brother: '"Don't" he said, "the Classics are a terrible grind for a girl, and you will be prematurely wrinkled."'[3] Powell took his advice, but later regretted it, feeling that she had been robbed of "deep and solid pleasures", having "small Latin...and, goodness knows, less Greek".[3]  At Oxford, Powell met an archaeologist, Humfry Payne (19 February 1902 – 9 May 1936), whom she married in 1926. While studying at Oxford, she made news headlines in the Daily Mail after being "taken out for tea" and climbing over the wall to go out with Payne, she was rusticated for two terms and the principal accused her of "dragging the name of Somerville in the dust".[2][better source needed] She graduated with a first-class honours degree in Modern Languages in 1923.[2]  After graduation, Powell spent a period as personal assistant to Lady Ottoline Morrell before joining the literary department of The Sunday Times in 1928.[4]  In 1929, her husband Humfry Payne was appointed director of the British School at Athens. From 1931 to 1936, Powell spent part of each year in Greece, frequently attending excavations where her husband was working, including the excavation of the Heraion of Perachora, as well as attending an excavation at Abydos, Egypt.[3][5] Payne died in Athens in 1936 from a staphylococcus infection. They had no children.  Powell continued her periodic visits to Greece after 1936, until the Second World War made travel difficult. In 1939 Powell was appointed film critic at The Sunday Times. In 1941, she found war work with a Greek connection in the Political Warfare Executive, which oversaw Britain's propaganda in occupied Europe, she remained there until 1945,[6] where she was tasked with making sure that the BBC's broadcasts to Greece accurately represented British policies.[7] In June 1943, she married Leonard Russell (1906–1974), the literary editor at The Sunday Times.[8]  Powell was one of the founding members of the Independent Television Authority (ITA) from 1954, despite initial concerns about her possible conflicts of interest (she wrote for a newspaper that was backing one of the ITV network franchises, but its bid was eventually withdrawn).[9] She resigned her post at the ITA in 1956, in protest at the government's refusal to come up with funding which it had promised to the authority in the Television Act 1954.[9] She was a long-time regular panel member of the BBC radio word game, My Word!.  Powell's journalism led a change in the writing of cinema criticism. To quote the British Film Institute: "she was open to new directions in cinema and was not constrained by the middle class shibboleths of 'good taste', unlike her rival C. A. Lejeune, film critic for The Observer from 1928 to 1960."  She remained film critic at The Sunday Times until 1979 – a compilation of her reviews was published in 1989 as The Golden Screen – but from 1976 she also began writing about films on television, which she continued to do until the end of her life.  Her last piece, a review of Barry Lyndon, appeared in The Times on the day of her death. She also served as film critic for Punch until its first closure in 1992.[10][11]  Powell, a philhellene, made frequent visits to Greece, including attending the British School at Athens excavations at Emporio on Chios in 1954 in order to report on the excavations for The Sunday Times.[7] She was the author of several books about the country, including Remember Greece (1941), An Affair of the Heart (1958), describing her repeated visits to the village of Perachora, site of Payne's excavations of the Heraion, and The Villa Ariadne (1973), a memoir of the archaeologists associated with the house built by Sir Arthur Evans near the palace of Knossos, including several (such as John Pendlebury) who were active in the Cretan Resistance during World War II. Other works include a biography of Payne, The Traveller's Journey is Done (1943). Powell served as president of the Classical Association from 1966 to 1967, giving her presidential address at the University of Reading on 5 April 1967.[3] She was only the second female President of the Classical Association, following Professor Dorothy Tarrant (President 1958-1959). Powell was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1974,[12][13] awarded a British Film Institute Fellowship in 1983,[14] and made an Honorary Fellow of Somerville College, Oxford University, in 1991.[15] Powell was a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature.[13]  In 1991, the Critics' Circle Theatre Award established the annual Dilys Powell Award for Excellence in Film in her honour. The first recipient of the award was Dirk Bogarde, other recipients have included Christopher Lee, Richard Attenborough, Judi Dench, Helena Bonham Carter, Kenneth Branagh, and Kate Winslet.[16]  Humfry Payne ​ ​(m. 1926, d. 1936)​ Leonard Russell ​ ​(m. 1943, d. 1974)​ Descent from Parnassus (1934), London: Cresset Press (essays on modern poets) Remember Greece (1941), London: Hodder & Stoughton The Traveller’s Journey is Done (1943), London: Hodder & Stoughton (Humfry Payne at the British School of Archaeology at Athens) Films since 1939 (1947), London: Longmans, Green & Co (for the British Council) Coco (1952), London: Hodder & Stoughton (biography of a dog) An Affair of the Heart (1958), London: Hodder & Stoughton The Mirror of the Present (1967), London: John Murray (presidential address to the Classical Association at the University of Reading) The Villa Ariadne (1973), London: Hodder and Stoughton. New edition by Eland in 2016: ISBN 978-1-78060-035-2 The Golden Screen: Fifty Years at the Films (1989), London: Pavilion, ISBN 1-85145-342-3 (ed. George Perry) The Dilys Powell film reader (1991), Manchester: Carcanet, ISBN 0-85635-912-2"
Richard Monk;"   Richard Monk  (1833 – 2 May 1912) was a Member of Parliament in New Zealand.  Richard Monk was born in Lancashire, England, and relocated to Hokianga with his parents at a young age. He was educated in California, and returned to New Zealand to work in the timber industry, setting up a joinery company named Messrs Monk and Morgan. Some time later Monk went on to organise the Union Sash and Door Company which he remained with unil entering into politics in 1881.[1]  He died at his home in Woodhill on 2 May 1912, aged 80, and was interred at Symonds Street Cemetery.[1]  He represented the Waitemata electorate from the 1886 by-election after the death of William John Hurst to 1890 when he was defeated by Jackson Palmer, then from 1893 to 9 February 1894 when his election was declared void. He won the electorate again in 1896, and retired in 1902.[2]    This article about a New Zealand politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Climate of the United Kingdom;"   The United Kingdom straddles the higher mid-latitudes between 49° and 61°N on the western seaboard of Europe. Since the UK is always in or close to the path of the polar front jet stream, frequent changes in pressure and unsettled weather are typical. Many types of weather can be experienced in a single day. In general the climate of the UK is changeable, often cloudy especially in the more northerly areas of the country, with rain evenly distributed throughout the year.  The climate in the United Kingdom is defined as a humid temperate oceanic climate, or Cfb on the Köppen climate classification system, a classification it shares with most of north-west Europe.[1] Regional climates are influenced by the Atlantic Ocean and latitude. Northern Ireland, Wales and western parts of England and Scotland, being closest to the Atlantic Ocean, are generally the mildest, wettest and windiest regions of the UK, and temperature ranges there are seldom extreme. Eastern areas are drier, cooler, and less windy, and also experience the greatest daily and seasonal temperature variations. Northern areas are generally cooler and wetter, and have slightly larger temperature ranges than southern areas, which are generally warmer and drier.  The UK is mostly under the influence of the maritime polar air mass from the north-west. Northern Ireland and the west of Scotland are the most exposed to the maritime polar air mass which brings cool moist air, the east of Scotland and north-east England are more exposed to the continental polar air mass which brings cold dry air. The south and south-east of England are the least exposed to polar air masses from the north-west, and on occasion see continental tropical air masses from the south, which bring warm dry air in the summer. On average, the temperature ranges from 18 to 25 °C (64 to 77 °F).  If the air masses are strong enough in their respective areas during the summer, there can sometimes be a large difference in temperature between the far north of Scotland (including its islands) and the south-east of England – often a difference of 10-15 °C (18-27 °F) but sometimes as much as 20 °C (36 °F) or more. In the height of summer the Northern Isles can have temperatures around 15 °C (59 °F).[2]  The UK's climate is changing due to anthropogenic activity, with hotter summers and wetter winters.  England generally has higher maximum and minimum temperatures than the other areas of the UK, though Wales has higher minimum temperatures from November to February, and Northern Ireland has higher maximum temperatures from December to February. England is also sunnier throughout the year, but unlike Wales, Northern Ireland and Scotland, the sunniest month is July, with an average of 193.5 hours. It rains on fewer days in every month throughout the year than the rest of the UK, and rainfall totals are less in every month, with the driest month, May, averaging 58.4 mm (2.30 in).[3] The climate of south-west England displays a seasonal temperature variation, although it is less extreme than most of the United Kingdom with milder winters. Certain species of palm trees and other exotic plants can be grown in coastal areas of Southwest England although summers are cooler than the Southeast. Gales are less common in England compared to Scotland, however on some occasions there can be strong winds, and rarely, the remains of Atlantic hurricanes and tropical storms. Some events such as the Great Storm of 1987 occurred near to the UK and caused damage in England. While temperate, summer heatwaves of 30 °C+ and droughts occasionally occur, especially in London and Southeast England. The summer of 2018 was particularly sunny and dry across England.  The prevailing wind direction for England is from the south-west. London is vulnerable to climate change in the United Kingdom, and there is increasing concern among hydrological experts that London households may run out of water before 2050.[4]    The highest temperature recorded in England (and in the United Kingdom) occurred on 19 July 2022 at Coningsby, Lincolnshire.[18] The lowest temperature ever recorded in England occurred on 10 January 1982 in Newport, Shropshire.   Northern Ireland is warmer than Scotland throughout the year. Maximum temperatures are milder than in Wales from December to April, and milder than in England from December to February, but Northern Ireland is cooler during the rest of the year. Sunshine totals in every month are more than those of Scotland, but less than those of the rest of Great Britain. Northern Ireland is drier and has fewer rainy days than Scotland throughout the year, except in May, when it rains on more days. Northern Ireland is also drier than Wales in every month, yet it rains on more days. The rainiest month is January, when 17.8 days have more than 1 mm (0.04 in) of rain on average.[20] Below is a list of record temperatures for Northern Ireland, according to the UK Met Office. Both the highest and the lowest temperatures were set in Castlederg in County Tyrone.[2]  Scotland is generally cool compared to the rest of the UK. In the lowlands, an oceanic climate (Köppen: Cfb) prevails, while in the mountains and in parts of the Shetland, the summers get cool enough for the climate to be classified as subpolar oceanic (Cfc). As a whole, Scotland has average minimum temperatures just above zero in winter months and rather cool average highs of 17 °C (63 °F) in summer. The Central Lowlands have higher temperatures during the summer than any other part of Scotland, and have also broken some records for the whole of the UK. Aviemore is considered one of the coldest inhabited places, with its inland location and an altitude of about 210 m (690 ft). The wettest month in Scotland is January, most months are wetter than other parts of the UK, except for the late spring to early autumn months. Below is a list of record temperatures for Scotland, according to the UK Met Office.[2]  Wales has warmer temperatures throughout the year than Northern Ireland and Scotland and has milder winter minima than England, but cooler winter maxima than Northern Ireland. Wales is wetter throughout the year than Northern Ireland and England, but has fewer rainy days than Northern Ireland, meaning that rainfall tends to be more intense. Wales is also drier than Scotland in every month apart from May, June and December, and there are fewer days with rain than in Scotland. Sunshine totals throughout the year are more than that of Scotland and Northern Ireland, but less than that of neighbouring England. May is the sunniest month, averaging 186.8 hours.[27] The south-western coast is the sunniest part of Wales, averaging over 1700 hours of sunshine annually, with Tenby, Pembrokeshire, its sunniest town. The dullest time of year is between November and January and the sunniest between May and August. The least sunny areas are the mountains, some parts of which average less than 1200 hours of sunshine annually.[28][29] The prevailing wind is south-westerly. Coastal areas are the windiest, gales occur most often during winter, on average between 15 and 30 days each year, depending on location. Inland, gales average fewer than six days annually.[28] Wales experiences long summer days and short winter days result of northerly latitudes (between 53° 43′ N and 51° 38′ N). Aberystwyth, at the midpoint of the country's west coast, has nearly 17 hours of daylight at the summer solstice. Daylight at midwinter there falls to just over seven and a half hours.[30]   The country's wide geographic variations cause localised differences in sunshine, rainfall and temperature. Average annual coastal temperatures reach 10.5 °C (51 °F) and in low lying inland areas, 1 °C (1.8 °F) lower. It becomes cooler at higher altitudes, annual temperatures decrease on average approximately 0.5 °C (0.9 °F) each 100 metres (330 feet) of altitude. Consequently, the higher parts of Snowdonia experience average annual temperatures of 5 °C (41 °F).[28] Temperatures in Wales remain higher than would otherwise be expected at its latitude because of the North Atlantic Drift, a branch of the Gulf Stream. The ocean current, bringing warmer water to northerly latitudes, has a similar effect on most of north-west Europe. As well as its influence on Wales' coastal areas, air warmed by the Gulf Stream blows further inland with the prevailing winds.[31] At low elevations, summers tend to be warm and sunny. Average maximum temperatures range between 19 and 22 °C (66 and 72 °F). Winters tend to be fairly wet, but rainfall is rarely excessive and the temperature usually stays above freezing. Spring and autumn feel quite similar and the temperatures tend to stay above 14 °C (57 °F) – also the average annual daytime temperature.[32] Rainfall patterns show significant variation. The further west, the higher the expected rainfall, up to 40 per cent more.[29] At low elevations, rain is unpredictable at any time of year, although the showers tend to be shorter in summer.[32] The uplands of Wales have most rain, normally more than 50 days of rain during the winter months (December to February), falling to around 35 rainy days during the summer months (June to August). Annual rainfall in Snowdonia averages between 3,000 millimetres (120 in) (Blaenau Ffestiniog) and 5,000 millimetres (200 in) (Snowdon's summit).[29] The likelihood is that it will fall as sleet or snow when the temperature falls below 5 °C (41 °F) and snow tends to be lying on the ground there for an average of 30 days a year. Snow falls several times each winter in inland areas but is relatively uncommon around the coast. Average annual rainfall in those areas can be less than 1,000 millimetres (39 in).[28][29] Below is a list of record temperatures for Wales, according to the UK Met Office.[2]  Spring is the period from March to May. Spring is generally a calm, cool season, particularly because the Atlantic has lost much of its heat throughout the autumn and winter. As the sun rises higher in the sky and the days get longer, temperatures slowly rise, but the solar effect is mitigated somewhat by the effect of the cool ocean waters and westerly winds that blow across them.  There is a fair chance of snow earlier in the season when temperatures are colder, often in March. Some of the country's heaviest snowfalls of recent years have happened in the first half of March, and snow showers can occur infrequently until mid-April. They have been known to develop as late as mid-May over some areas of the country, such as in 2013 when snow was recorded on 14 May over parts of Staffordshire, Herefordshire and Wales. Snow was also recorded at lower levels in early June 1975. More recently, there was a disruptive snow event between 26 and 29 April 2016 across much of Northern England and Scotland, which was unusually the only significant snow event of the winter 2015/16. Snow, frost and ice can be disruptive and damaging to flowering plants, particularly later in the spring.  Early spring can be quite cold, and occasionally the lowest temperature of the winter can occur in March, as it did at Heathrow Airport on 5 March 2001, 4 March 2006 and 8 March 2011. Temperatures below freezing are not unusual in March, even in the south of the UK. On the other hand, high temperatures above 30 °C (86 °F) are generally rare, but can occur on occasion, most recently on 25 May 2012. It was even hotter on 27 May 2005, when 31.9 °C (89.4 °F) was recorded in London. Rarely, the hottest day of the year can be in spring. As stated below, 27 May was the hottest day of the year in 2012 in most parts of the UK. In Aberdaron, the hottest day of 2011 was very early on in the year on 21 April. Temperatures in March seldom reach 20 °C (68 °F), as they did in 1990, 1993, 2012 and 2017, and this temperature is usually reached for the first time in April or May. Throughout spring, there can be large temperature swings between day and night. On 9 April 2017, night-time temperatures fell to just 3 °C (37 °F) at Northolt, but 25 °C (77 °F) was reached in the afternoon. Warmth in spring depends almost entirely on the strength of the sun, and can trigger thunderstorms and downpours.  Mean temperatures in Spring are markedly influenced by latitude. Most of Scotland and the mountains of Wales and northern England are the coolest areas of the UK, with average temperatures ranging from −0.6 to 5.8 °C (30.9 to 42.4 °F).[34] The southern half of England experiences the warmest spring temperatures of between 8.8 and 10.3 °C (47.8 and 50.5 °F).[34]  Spring mean temperatures have become higher during the 2000s and the 2010s. The warmest spring on record was 2017 with a mean temperature for the UK of 9.12C. Other warm springs include 1945, 1992, 1999 2003, 2007, 2009, 2011, 2014 and 2020. The coldest spring on record was in 1891 with a mean temperature of 5.42C. Other notable cold springs include 1941, 1951, 1962 and most recently 2013.[35]  Warm Marches have included 1929, 1938, 1945, 1948, 1957, 1961, 2003 and 2012. Cold Marches have included 1919, 1947, 1958, 1962, 1969, and 2013. Warm Aprils have included 1943, 1945, 1946, 2003, 2007, 2009, 2011, 2014 and 2020. Cold Aprils have included 1922, 1966, 1978, and 1986. Warm Mays have included 1919, 1992, 2008, 2017, 2018 and 2020. Cold Mays have included 1923, 1968, 1979, 1983 and 1996.[36]  The sunniest spring on record for the UK was in 2020 with 626.0 hours recorded on average across the UK. Other sunny springs have included 1929 (530.1 hours), 1948 (555.4 hours), 1990 (525.3 hours), 2007 (519.2 hours), 2011 (513.6 hours). Conversely, the dullest spring on record for the UK was in 1983 with an average of 322.3 hours of sunshine across the UK. Other notable dull springs include 1928 (365.1 hours), 1932 (360.4 hours), 1941 (363.0 hours), 1964 (356.2 hours), 1981 (367.0 hours) and 1996 (361.0 hours).[37]  The wettest spring on record for the UK was in 1947 with 332.4mm of precipitation falling on average across the UK. Other notable wet springs include 1967 (294.5mm), 1979 (327.0mm), 1981 (292.4mm) 1983 (294.2mm) and 1986 (313.9mm). Conversely, the driest spring on record for the UK was in 1893 with just 107.4mm of precipitation falling on average across the UK. Other notable dry springs include 1929 (127.4mm), 1956 (138.1mm), 1974 (123.1mm) and 2020 (141.6mm).[38]  Summer lasts from June to August and is the warmest and usually the sunniest season. There can be wide local variations in rainfall totals due to localised thundershowers. These thundershowers mainly occur in southern, eastern, and central England and are less frequent and severe in the north and west. Greater London, Kent, Sussex, Surrey, Essex, Hertfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Suffolk and Norfolk see the most thunderstorms during the summer. The South West, the Midlands and Northern England get thunderstorms too, but they are less frequent and severe. Wales and Scotland also gets the occasional thunderstorm. On rare occasions, a type of supercell thunderstorm called the Spanish Plume forms over the country after very hot weather. These storms are severe in the South West and South East and get weaker as they go north.[39] Climatic differences at this time of year are more influenced by latitude and proximity to the ocean. Temperatures are the highest in southern and central areas and lowest in the north. Hot weather above 27 °C (81 °F) in most places and in most years occurs on multiple days per year, but more frequently in London and south-east England where temperatures can exceed 30 °C (86 °F) and less so in parts of Scotland.[40] The record maximum is 39.1 °C (102.4 °F), recorded in Charlwood on 19 July 2022.[18]  Heatwaves and occasional droughts occur in Britain such as in the summers of 2003, 2006 and recently in 2018 when forest fires broke out in parts of England.[citation needed]  The warmest summer on record for the UK was in 2018 with a mean temperature of 15.76C across the UK. Other notable warm summers have included 1911, 1933, 1947, 1975, 1976, 1983, 1995, 1997, 2003, 2006, 2013, 2019 and 2021. Conversely, the coldest summer on record for the UK was in 1922 with a mean temperature of 12.24C. Other notable cool summers include 1920, 1954, 1956, 1962, 1965 and 1972.[35]  The warmest Junes for the UK have included 1940, 1950, 1960, 1970, 1976, 1992, 2003, 2006, 2010 and 2018. Conversely, the coldest Junes have been 1971, 1972 and 1991. The warmest Julys for the UK have included 1921, 1934, 1976, 1983, 1989, 1995, 2006, 2013 and 2018. Notable cold Julys for the UK have included 1920, 1922, 1954, 1965 and 1988. The warmest Augusts have included 1911, 1947, 1955, 1975, 1976, 1995, 1997 and 2003. Notable cold Augusts have included 1920, 1922, 1956, 1963 and 1986.[36]  The sunniest summer on record for the UK was in 1976 with 672.1 hours of sunshine recorded across the UK. Other notable sunny summers have included 1949 (605.1 hours), 1975 (623.1 hours), 1989 (645.8 hours), 1995 (664.6 hours) and 2018 (615.5 hours). Conversely, the dullest summer on record for the UK was in 1954 with just 372.7 hours of sunshine recorded on average across the UK. Other notable dull summers have included  1931 (412.3 hours), 1958 (414.0 hours), 1978 (418.1 hours), 1980 (397.3 hours), 1987 (402.4 hours) and 2012 (400.8 hours).[37]  The wettest summer on record for the UK was in 1879 with an average of 399.9mm precipitation across the UK. Other notable wet summers include 1956 (360.7mm), 1985 (354.5mm), 2007 (356.8mm), 2012 (378.7mm). Conversely, the driest summer on record for the UK was in 1995 with just 105.9mm of precipitation recorded on average across the UK. Other notable dry summers for the UK include 1955 (143.9mm) 1976 (107.3mm), 1983 (127.9mm) and 1984 (145.0mm).[38]  Autumn in the United Kingdom lasts from September to November.[41] The season may be a little more unsettled, as cool polar air moves southwards, it can meet warm air from the tropics and produce an area of disturbance along which the country lies. This can combine with the warm ocean due to heating throughout the spring and summer, to produce some unsettled weather. In addition, the land may become colder than the ocean, resulting in significant amounts of condensation and rain-bearing clouds.  Atlantic depressions at this time can become intense, and winds of hurricane force (greater than 119 km/h or 74 mph) can be recorded. Western areas, closest to the Atlantic, experience these severe conditions more often than eastern areas. Autumn, particularly the latter part, is often the stormiest time of the year. One particularly intense depression was the Great Storm of 1987. A very severe storm also affected the UK on 27 October 2002. At Mumbles Head near Swansea, a maximum sustained wind speed of over 123 km/h was recorded: equivalent to a Category 1 hurricane.[42] The autumn of 2013 was also littered with severe storms, including the St. Jude's Storm on 28 October 2013.  Autumn can sometimes be a cold season - in recent years, very low temperatures and heavy snowfall have been recorded during November 1985, November 1993 and November 2010. There was a new record low of −18.0 °C (−0.4 °F) in Wales on 28 November 2010. At Northolt, in Greater London, the coldest temperature of the year 2016 was set on 30 November. Snow also fell rather widely across the UK on 28–29 October 2008, causing traffic problems where it settled on the M4. Even further south, low temperatures can be recorded, with temperatures well below freezing as far south as Heathrow Airport on 29–31 October 1997, with a lower temperature than any recorded at this station in March, November or December 1997 and even the following January 1998, only on 2 and 4 February 1998 were lower temperatures recorded here that winter. The first frost of the winter usually occurs between October and December, frost is quite unusual in September, when the surrounding ocean is at or near its warmest, except on high ground. It is not particularly unusual for September to be warmer than June, as it was in 1999.[43]  However, the United Kingdom sometimes experiences an "Indian summer", when temperatures, particularly by night, can be very mild and rarely fall below 10 °C (50 °F). Such events are aided by the surrounding Atlantic Ocean and seas being at their warmest, keeping the country in warm air, despite the relatively weak sun. Examples of this were in 1985, 1999, 2005, 2006, 2011[44] and 2016 when September saw above average temperatures which felt more like a continuation of summer than autumn. Autumns since 2000 have generally been very mild, with notable extremes of precipitation, the UK has seen some of its wettest and driest autumns since the millennium. 2011 and 2016 were notable as many areas of the country recorded their highest temperatures of the year in September and October (for example, 28.2 °C (82.8 °F) at Hawarden on 1 October, 26.3 °C (79.3 °F) at St. Athan on 2 October 2011 and the UK's highest temperature of 2016 on 13 September with 34.4 °C (93.9 °F) at Gravesend).[45] On 13 October 2018, temperatures reached 26.5 °C (79.7 °F) at Donna Nook in Lincolnshire, the latest in the year such a high temperature had been recorded.[46] Temperatures on the night of 12–13 October were also just under 18.2 °C (64.8 °F) in London.  Coastal areas in the southern half of England have on average the warmest autumns, with mean temperatures of 10.7 to 13.0 °C (51.3 to 55.4 °F).[47] Mountainous areas of Wales and northern England, and almost all of Scotland, experience mean temperatures between 1.7 and 7.5 °C (35.1 and 45.5 °F).[47]  The warmest autumn on record was in 2006 with a mean temperature of 11.35C. Other notable warm autumns include 1945, 1949, 1959, 1978, 1995, 1999, 2001, 2005, 2009, 2011, 2014 and 2021. The coldest autumn on record was in 1887 with a mean temperature of 6.97C. Other notable cold autumns have included 1919, 1922, 1923, 1925, 1952, 1974 and most recently in 1993.[35]  The warmest Septembers have included 1929, 1933, 1949, 1959, 1999, 2003, 2006, 2014, 2016 and 2021. Notable cold Septembers include 1925, 1931, 1952, 1974. The warmest Octobers have included 1921, 1959, 1969, 1995, 2001, 2005, 2006 and 2011. Notable cold Octobers include 1926, 1974, 1981, 1992 and 1993. Notable warm Novembers include 1938, 1994, 2006, 2011, 2015 and 2020. Notable cold Novembers include 1923, 1925, 1952, 1965, 1985 and 1993.[36]  The sunniest autumn on record for the UK was 1959 with an average of 341.3 sunshine hours recorded on average across the UK. Other sunny autumns include 1928 (305.8 hours), 1971 (333.1 hours), 1986 (314.4 hours), 1996 (305.9 hours), 2003 (330.3 hours) and 2018 (305.7 hours). The dullest autumn on record for the UK was in 1968 with just 208.2 hours of sunshine recorded. Other notable dull autumns include 1945 (224.7 hours), 1946 (211.2 hours), 1976 (222.1 hours), 1983 (229.9 hours) and 1984 (228.4 hours).  The wettest autumn on record for the UK was in 2000 with an average of 509.6mm of precipitation across the UK. Other notable wet autumns include 1935 (469.3mm), 1954 (471.5mm), 1981 (455.3mm) and 1984 (440.0mm). Conversely, the driest autumn on record for the UK was in 1922 with 192.7mm of precipitation. Other notable dry autumns include 1921 (207.5mm), 1937 (207.3mm) and 1972 (210.5mm).[38]  Winter in the UK is defined as lasting from December to February. The season is generally cool, wet, windy, and cloudy. Temperatures at night rarely drop below −10 °C (14 °F) and in the day rarely rise above 15 °C (59 °F). Precipitation can be plentiful throughout the season, though snow is relatively infrequent despite the country's high latitude: often the only areas with significant snowfall are the Scottish Highlands and the Pennines, where at higher elevations a colder climate determines the vegetation, mainly temperate coniferous forest, although deforestation has severely decreased the forest area. For a majority of the UK, snow is frequent in winter time yet is usually light and doesn't last long, apart from the higher altitudes, where snow can lie for 1–5 months or even beyond 6 months.[48]  Towards the later part of the season the weather usually stabilises with less wind, less precipitation and lower temperatures. This change is particularly pronounced near the coasts, mainly because the Atlantic Ocean is often at its coldest at this time after being cooled throughout the autumn and the winter. The early part of winter however is often unsettled and stormy, often the wettest and windiest time of the year.  Snow falls intermittently and mainly affects northern and eastern areas, high ground in Wales and especially the mountains of Scotland, where there is often enough snow lying to permit skiing at some of the five Scottish ski resorts. These resorts usually operate between December and April, depending on the snowfall. Frequently in the mountains potent depressions may move in from the north in the form of "polar lows", introducing heavy snow and often blizzard-like conditions to parts of the United Kingdom, particularly Scotland. Blizzards have become rarer in the 21st century, although much of England was affected by one on 30 January 2003. During periods of light winds and high pressure, frost and fog can become a problem and can pose a major hazard to drivers.  Mean winter temperatures in the UK are most influenced by proximity to the sea. The coldest areas are the mountains of Wales and northern England, and inland areas of Scotland, averaging −3.6 to 2.3 °C (25.5 to 36.1 °F).[49] Coastal areas, particularly those in the south and west, experience the mildest winters, on average 5 to 8.7 °C (41.0 to 47.7 °F).[49] Hardiness zones in the UK are high, ranging from zone 7 in the Scottish Highlands, the Pennines and Snowdonia, to zone 10 on the Isles of Scilly. Most of the UK lies in zones 8 or 9.[50] In zone 7, the average lowest temperature each year is between −17.7 and −12.3 °C (0.1 and 9.9 °F), and in zone 10, this figure is between −1.1 and 4.4 °C (30.0 and 39.9 °F).[51]  Snow falls in the UK every year, but in small quantities. The UK can suffer extreme winters like 1684, 1740, 1795 (when London had its record lowest temperature of −21.1 °C (−6.0 °F), 1947 and 1963. In 1962 it snowed on Boxing Day, and snow lasted in most areas until 6 March, with blizzards through February, which had significant and documented effects on the FA Cup - Wrexham were forced to play on sand for one tie. In recent times snow has generally become rarer, but the UK can still get heavy falls, such as in 1978–79, 1981–82, 1986-87 and 1990-91. The winter of 2008/09 produced the heaviest snowfall since 1991 between 1 and 3 February, and the winter of 2009-10 was even more severe, with many parts of the United Kingdom having the coldest and snowiest winters since 1978/79, temperatures plummeted to −22.3 °C (−8.1 °F) at Altnaharra, Sutherland – close to the −22.9 °C (−9.2 °F) recorded in Antarctica in the same period. The lowest temperature ever recorded in the UK was −27.2 °C (−17.0 °F), on 10 January 1982 and 11 February 1895 in Braemar, Scotland and on 30 December 1995 in Altnaharra. December 2010 was the coldest December in 120 years, the CET (Central England Temperature) was −0.7 °C (30.7 °F), it was the coldest month since February 1986, and the coldest December since 1890. Many places had heavy snowfall and extreme cold, temperatures regularly fell below −10.0 °C (14.0 °F) across many areas. However, the cold subsided after Christmas Day, 2010. November 2010 saw an extremely severe cold snap, with lows of −18.0 °C (−0.4 °F) in Llysdinam on 28 November. The month saw temperatures below average, despite what was actually a very mild first half. Spring 2013 was also cold: March 2013 was the coldest month of the winter (and indeed 2013 as a whole), which is quite striking given that December 2012, January and February 2013 were all also below average in terms of temperature. The following winter was the opposite: in many places, only on 11 and 12 January was any snow recorded (some places having no snow at all), and the entire country was battered by a series of severe depressions and storms. The St Jude's Day storm first affected the UK on 26 October 2013, and many places saw no respite until a high swept across the country on 2 March 2014. Some places in the Somerset Levels remained under water for most of the winter and well into spring. Record-equalling gusts of 142 mph were recorded off the north coast of Scotland on 5 December 2013, with notably severe storms also recorded on 2 November 2013, 24 December 2013, 3 January 2014 and 14 February 2014.  In the 1990s and 2000s, most of the winters were milder and usually wetter than average, with below-freezing daytime temperatures a rare occurrence. In fact, the winter of 1995/1996 was the only one which was defined as below average in terms of the UK as a whole, although February 1991 saw heavy snowfall and January 1997 was cold in the South. The winters of 2008/09, 2009/10 and 2010/11, however, had below or well below average temperatures, with large snowfall amounts widespread and very low temperatures, this was the first series of three consecutive cold winters in the UK since the 1960s. The winter of 2012/13 was very cold too, although the peak of the cold was in March.[52] The winter of 2014/2015 was an oddity: it was generally quiet and sunny. December 2014 and January 2015 were a little milder than the average, February 2015 was close to normal. The winter of 2016/17 was very nearly a very cold winter owing to the presence and position of high pressure, although ultimately only November 2016 was cold widely as a whole. Early December 2016 was cool and January 2017 was cold in the south-east, with much of the rest of England and Wales near the 1961-1990 average. At Northolt, the average daily minimum for January 2017 was below freezing for the first time since December 2010. The winter of 2017/18 was then much colder than average too. However, mild temperatures prevailed during winter 2018/19.[53]  December 2015 was the wettest calendar month ever recorded in the United Kingdom, and January 2016 the second wettest. In these months, some northern and western parts had 2 to 4 times as much rainfall as normal.[54] December 2015 was also the warmest December averaged over the whole UK, and the CET had the warmest December on record. (CET was 9.7 °C (49.5 °F), this is warmer than even any March[55]). Most areas of southern England had average monthly temperatures 5-6 deg. C above normal. Some plants flowered that would normally do so in the spring.[56] Hardly any stations in Wales and Southern England recorded any air frosts, and temperatures were often comparable to those of April or May. The maximum recorded temperature was 17.2 °C (63.0 °F) at Teignmouth in Devon and Plockton and Achnagart in the Highlands of Scotland on the 16th. The lowest daily mean temperature during December 2015 at Heathrow Airport was 8.2 °C (46.8 °F) (on 9 December), comparable to the average daily high for the calendar month. However, December 2015 did not break any national records for high temperatures, just failing to reach the maximum England temperature of 17.7 °C (63.9 °F) recorded on 2 December 1985 in Chivenor, Devon and on 11 December 1994 in Penkridge, Staffordshire.[57] Despite the warmth, it was the dullest December since 1989.[58]  The mildest winter on record for England was the winter of 2015-16 with a mean temperature for England of 6.47C. Other mild winters for England have included 1934-35, 1974–75, 1988–89, 1989–90, 1997–98, 2006–07, 2013-2014, 2018–19 and 2019-20. The coldest winter on record for England was the winter of 1962-63 with a mean temperature of -0.60C. Other notable cold winters include 1939-40, 1941–42, 1946–47 and 1978-79.[59]  Mild Januarys for England include 1921, 1975, 1990, 2007 and 2008. Notable cold Januarys include 1940, 1941, 1963 and 1979. Mild Februarys include 1945, 1990, 1998, 2002, 2008 and 2019. Notable cold Februarys include 1929, 1942, 1947, 1956, 1963 and 1986.  Mild Decembers for England include 1934, 1974, 1988 and 2015. Notable cold Decembers include 1927, 1933, 1950, 1981 and 2010.[60]  The average total annual sunshine in the United Kingdom is 1339.7 hours, which is just under 30% of the maximum possible (The maximum hours of sunshine possible in one year is approximately 4476 hours).[61] The hours of sunshine vary from 1200 to about 1580 hours per year, and since 1996 the UK has been and still is receiving above the 1981 to 2010 average hours of sunshine[28]  Generally the United Kingdom sees frequent cloudy skies due to its high latitude and oceanic controlled climate. The lowest sunshine hours are found in northern parts of the country and the highest in the southern parts and southern coast of England. The counties of Dorset, Hampshire, Sussex and Kent are the sunniest areas, which have annual average totals of around 1,750 hours of sunshine per year.[62] Northern, western and mountainous areas are generally the cloudiest areas of the UK, with some mountainous areas receiving fewer than 1,000 hours of sunshine a year.[62]  Valley areas such as the South Wales Valleys, due to their north–south orientation, receive less sunshine than lowland areas because the mountains on either side of the valley obscure the sun in the early morning and late evening. This is noticeable in winter where there are only a few hours of sunshine. The mountains of Wales, northern England and Scotland can be especially cloudy with extensive mist and fog. Near the coast, sea fog may develop in the spring and early summer. Radiation fog may develop over inland areas of Great Britain and can persist for hours or even days in the winter and can pose a major hazard for drivers and aircraft.  Often anticyclones (high pressure systems) may move over the United Kingdom, which can persist for weeks or even months. The subsided, dry air from the Azores often results in clear skies and few clouds, bringing frosty nights in winter and warm days in the summer.  Average hours of sunshine in winter range from 38–108 hours in some mountainous areas and western Scotland, up to 217 hours in the south and east of England,[63] while average hours of sunshine in summer range from 294–420 hours in northern Scotland and Northern Ireland, to 600–760 hours in southern English coastal counties.[64] The most sunshine recorded in one month was 383.9 hours at Eastbourne (East Sussex) in July 1911.[62]  One of the greatest influences on the climate of the UK is the Atlantic Ocean and especially the Gulf Stream, which carries warm water up from lower latitudes and modifies the high latitude air masses that pass across the UK. This thermohaline circulation has a powerful moderating and warming effect on the country's climate. This warm water current warms the climate to such a great extent that if the current did not exist then temperatures in winter would be about 10 °C (18 °F) lower than they are today and similar to eastern Russia or Canada near the same latitude. The current allows England to have vineyards at the same latitude that Canada has polar bears. These warm ocean currents also bring substantial amounts of humidity which contributes to the notoriously wet climate that western parts of the UK experience.  The high latitude and proximity to a large ocean to the west means that the United Kingdom experiences strong winds. The prevailing wind is from the south-west, but it may blow from any direction for sustained periods of time. Winds are strongest near westerly facing coasts and exposed headlands.  Gales — which are defined as winds with speeds of 51 to 101 km/h (32 to 63 mph)— are strongly associated with the passage of deep depressions across the country. The Hebrides experience on average 35 days of gale a year (a day where there are gale-force winds) while inland areas in England and Wales receive fewer than 5 days of gale a year.[62] Areas of high elevation tend to have higher wind speeds than low elevations, and Great Dun Fell in Cumbria (at 857 m or 2,812 ft) averaged 114 days of gale a year during the period 1963 to 1976. The highest gust recorded at a low level in England was 191 km/h (119 mph) at Gwennap Head in Cornwall on 15 December 1979,[62] and a 115 mph gust was also recorded at Shoreham-By-Sea on 16 October 1987. A disputed 122 mph gust was recorded on 16 October 1987 at Gorleston in Norfolk during the Great Storm of 1987. In Scotland, Fraserburgh in Aberdeenshire recorded 229 km/h (142 mph) on 13 February 1989, which was equalled during Cyclone Xaver on 5 December 2013. Wales' highest wind speed gust of 200 km/h (124 mph) was set at Rhoose, Vale of Glamorgan on 28 October 1989. Especially potent storm systems typically affect the UK during autumn and winter, with the winters of 1989/1990 and 2013/2014 particularly notable for the frequency and potency of storm systems.  An unofficial gust of 194 mph was recorded in the Shetland Isles during the New Year's Day Storm on 1 January 1992, and an equal unofficial 194 mph wind gust is claimed to have been set in the Cairngorm Mountains on 19 December 2008.[66]  Barometric pressure plays a role in storm systems. For the United Kingdom, record figures for barometric pressure recordings are:[67]  Highest - 1053.6mb (Aberdeen, 31 January 1902)  Lowest - 925.6mb (Ochtertyre, 26 January 1884)  Notably a low pressure storm system affected the UK with a central pressure of 914.0mb on 10 January 1993, however this figure is not recorded over the UK but out in the Atlantic, despite the system affecting the UK.  Rainfall amounts can vary greatly across the United Kingdom: generally the further west and the higher the elevation, the greater the rainfall. The mountains of Wales, Scotland, the Pennines in Northern England and the moors of South West England are the wettest parts of the country, and in some of these places as much as 4,577 millimetres (180.2 in) of rain can fall annually,[68] making these locations some of the wettest in Europe. The wettest spot in the United Kingdom is Crib Goch, in Snowdonia, which has averaged 4,473 millimetres (176.1 in) rain a year over the past 30 years.[69][70] Most rainfall in the United Kingdom comes from North Atlantic depressions which roll into the country throughout the year from the west or southwest and are particularly frequent and intense in the autumn and winter. They can on occasions bring prolonged periods of heavy rain, and flooding is quite common.  Parts of England are dry in global terms, which is contrary to the stereotypical view—London receives just below 650 millimetres (25.6 in) per annum,[71] which is less than Rome, Sydney, or New York City. In East Anglia it typically rains on about 113 days per year.[72] Most of the south, south-east and East Anglia receive less than 700 millimetres (27.6 in) of rain per year.[62] The English counties of Essex, Cambridgeshire - as well as parts of North Yorkshire, the East Riding of Yorkshire, Suffolk and Norfolk - are amongst the driest in the UK, with an average annual rainfall of around 600 millimetres (23.6 in). This is due to a mild rainshadow effect, due to mountainous parts of the South West, Wales and Cumbria blocking the moist airflow across the country to the east. In some years rainfall totals in Essex and South Suffolk can be below 450 millimetres (17.7 in) (especially areas around Colchester, Clacton and Ipswich) - less than the average annual rainfall in Jerusalem, Beirut and even some semi-arid parts of the world. The rainy reputation of Britain originates from the frequent cool, cloudy and drizzley conditions rather than overall rainfall amounts.  Parts of the United Kingdom have had drought problems in recent years, particularly in 2004-2006 and more recently in 2018. Fires broke out in some areas, even across the normally damp higher ground of north-west England and Wales. The landscape in much of England and east Wales became very parched, even near the coast, water restrictions were in place in some areas.  July 2006 was the hottest month on record for the United Kingdom and much of Europe,[73] however England has had warmer spells of 31 days which did not coincide with a calendar month—in 1976 and 1995. The impact of droughts is increased because the driest parts of England also have the highest population density, and therefore the highest water consumption. The drought in 2006 was eased when in the period from October 2006 to January 2007, which had well above average rainfall.  December 2015 was the wettest month ever recorded in the United Kingdom.[74] The average rainfall for the month was almost doubled.[75]  Generally, the United Kingdom has cool to mild winters and warm to hot summers with moderate variation in temperature throughout the year. In England the average annual temperature varies from 8.5 °C (47.3 °F) in the north to 11 °C (51.8 °F) in the south, but over the higher ground this can be several degrees lower.[62] This small variation in temperature is to a large extent due to the moderating effect the Atlantic Ocean has—water has a much greater specific heat capacity than air and tends to heat and cool slowly throughout the year. This has a warming influence on coastal areas in winter and a cooling influence in summer.  The ocean is at its coldest in February or early March, thus around coastal areas February is often the coldest month, but inland there is little to choose between January and February as the coldest.[62] Temperatures tend to drop lowest on late winter nights inland, in the presence of high pressure, clear skies, light winds and when there is snow on the ground. On occasions, cold polar or continental air can be drawn in over the United Kingdom to bring very cold weather.  The floors of inland valleys away from warming influence of the sea can be particularly cold as cold, dense air drains into them. A temperature of −26.1 °C (−15.0 °F) was recorded under such conditions at Edgmond in Shropshire on 10 January 1982, the coldest temperature recorded in England and Wales. The following day the coldest maximum temperature in England, at −11.3 °C (11.7 °F), was recorded at the same site.[62]  On average the warmest winter temperatures occur on the south and west coasts, however, warm temperatures occasionally occur due to a foehn wind warming up downwind after crossing the mountains. Temperatures in these areas can rise to 15 °C (59 °F) in winter on rare occasions[77] This is a particularly notable event in northern Scotland, mainly Aberdeenshire, where these high temperatures can occur in midwinter when the sun only reaches about 10° above the horizon.  July is on average the warmest month, and the highest temperatures tend to occur away from the Atlantic in southern, eastern and central England, where summer temperatures can rise above 30 °C (86 °F).[78]  While the United Kingdom is not particularly noted for extreme weather, as the regions cool, oceanic climate is opposed to convective storms. However, events such as floods and drought may be experienced. The summer of 1976 or 2018, for example, experienced temperatures as high as 35 °C (95 °F), and it was so dry the country suffered drought and water shortages.[79]  Extended periods of extreme weather, such as the droughts of 1975–1976, summer 2006, and spring 2012, the long hot summers of 1911, 1976, 2003, 2006 and 2018, and the winters of 1946–1947, 1962–1963, 2009–2010, and 2010–2011 are often caused by blocking anticyclones which can persist for several days, weeks, or even months. In winter they can bring long periods of cold dry weather and in summer long periods of hot dry weather.  There have also been occurrences of severe flash floods caused by intense rainfall, the most severe was the Lynmouth disaster of 1952 in which 34 people died and 38 houses and buildings were completely destroyed. In the summer of 2004, a severe flash flood devastated the town of Boscastle in Cornwall. However, the worst floods in the United Kingdom in modern times occurred in the North Sea flood of 1953. A powerful storm from the Atlantic moved around Scotland and down the east coast of England. As it moved south it produced a storm surge which was magnified as the North Sea became narrower further south. By the time the storm affected south-east England and the Netherlands, the surge had reached the height of 3.6 metres (12 ft). Over 300 people were killed by the floods in eastern England.  Thunderstorms in general are not common in the U.K. The areas that see the most occur in the southern part of England, while areas in the north and west see very few thunderstorms annually.[80] In London, thunderstorms occur on average 14–19 days a year, while in most of Northern Ireland and the west of Scotland thunderstorms occur on around 3 days a year. The counties that see the most storms are Kent, the eastern part of Surrey, Sussex, Greater London, Essex, Cambridgeshire, Hertfordshire, Suffolk, Norfolk and to a lesser extent Lincolnshire and Nottinghamshire.[80] Occasionally, thunderstorms can be severe and produce large hailstones as seen in Ottery St Mary, Devon in October 2008, where drifts reached 1.8 metres (5 ft 11 in).[81]  Strong winds occur mainly in the autumn and winter months associated with low pressure systems and Scotland experiences hurricane-force winds in most winters. The Gale of January 1976, Great Storm of 1987 (23 fatalities) and the Burns' Day storm of 1990 (97 fatalities) are particularly severe examples, Scotland saw winds of 142 mph during Cyclone Xaver in 2013.[82]  The most rain recorded to fall on a single day was 279 mm at Martinstown (Dorset) on 18 July 1955,[62] but also 243 mm fell at Bruton, Somerset on 28 June 1917.[83] Heavy rain also fell between 20 and 25 June in 2007, some areas experienced a month's rainfall in one day. Four people died in the flooding and over £1.5 billion of damage to businesses and properties was caused.  Tropical cyclones do not affect the UK due to the high latitude, cold ocean waters, and distance from source regions of tropical storms.[84] so any tropical cyclone that does come anywhere near the UK has said to have undergone a process called extratropical transition. This now means it is an extratropical cyclone, which the UK frequently experiences. The Great Storm of 1987 was a very deep depression which formed in the Bay of Biscay, which also contained the remnants of Hurricane Floyd.[85] Hurricane Lili of 1996 and Hurricane Gordon of 2006 both crossed the UK as strong extratropical cyclones with tropical storm-force winds, causing transport closures, power-cuts and flooding in Northern Ireland, Scotland and South West England. In 2011, the remnants of Hurricane Katia passed over northwestern Scotland with winds near 70 mph (110 km/h).  The United Kingdom has at least 33 tornadoes per year,[86] more than any other country in the world relative to its land area.[87] Though these tornadoes are much weaker than in areas of the United States, there is a significant number of these tornadoes annually. Dr. Ted Fujita (inventor of the Fujita scale), an American meteorologist, was the first to recognise the UK as the top site for tornadoes in 1973.[88][89] Although most tornadoes are weak, there are occasional destructive events, for example, the Birmingham tornado of 2005 and the London tornado of 2006.  Both registered F2 on the Fujita scale and both caused significant damage and injury. The largest ever recorded was thought to have been an F4, again in London in 1091. The most deadly occurred on 28 December 1879. All 74 lives were lost when a passenger train plunged from the Tay Bridge (Tayside) into the Tay Estuary, when the middle section of the bridge collapsed. Although the bridge was poorly constructed and had already been weakened in earlier gales (including the pre-existing winds at the time of the tragedy), the ultimate failure is believed to have been caused by two or three waterspouts which were sighted close to the bridge immediately before the accident.[90] A tornado also developed in London on 3 July 2007.  The UK also holds the title for the highest known 'outbreak' of tornadoes outside of the United States.  The largest tornado outbreak in Britain is also the largest tornado outbreak known anywhere in Europe. On 23 November 1981, 105 tornadoes were spawned by a cold front in the space of 5.25 hours. Excepting Derbyshire, every county in a triangular area from Gwynedd to Humberside to Essex was hit by at least one tornado, while Norfolk was hit by at least 13. Very fortunately most tornadoes were short-lived and also weak (the strongest was around T5 on the TORRO Tornado Scale) and no deaths occurred.[90]  Southern England between the Isle of Wight and Beachy Head has been recognised as a 'hotspot' for tornadoes and waterspouts.[91] The area (known as 'The Isle of Wight and South Coast Anomaly') has seen significant activity and is thought to be due to the shedding of vortices,  downwind of the Isle of Wight, under certain weather conditions.[91]  The climate of the United Kingdom has not always been the way it is today. During some periods it was much warmer and in others it was much colder. The last glacial period was a period of extreme cold weather that lasted for tens of thousands of years and ended about 10,000 years ago. During this period the temperature was so low that much of the surrounding ocean froze and a great ice sheet extended over all of the United Kingdom except the south of England (connected to mainland Europe via the dry English Channel) and southern coastal areas of Wales.  The cold period from the 16th to the mid-19th centuries is known as the Little Ice Age.  The temperature records in England are continuous back to the mid 17th century. The Central England temperature (CET) record is the oldest in the world, and is a compound source of cross-correlated records from several locations in central England. Precipitation records date back to the eighteenth century and the modern England and Wales Precipitation series begins in 1766.  A detailed narrative account of the weather of every year from 1913 to 1942, with photographs of plants taken on the same day in each of those years, may be found in Willis (1944).[92]  As with many parts of the world, over the last century the United Kingdom has reported a warming trend in temperatures. While some of this may be due to a recovery from the cooler period of climate mid 20th century (particularly the 1960s) the last 20 years has nonetheless seen an unprecedented level of warm weather. In July 2019, BBC reported that records from the Met Office show that the 10 warmest years in the UK have occurred since 2002, with 2014 being the warmest. In the same period, the coolest year has been 2010, however, this still only ranks 22nd on the overall list of coolest years on record.[93]  The averages shown below have been calculated using month CET data from 1659, using periods of 30 years as the WMO advises.[94]  Monthly extremes are only accepted by the UK Met Office if they are reported at stations below 500 metres (1,600 ft) in elevation.[95] Lower temperatures have been frequently reported at slightly more elevated stations.[96]  Below is a list of the highest and lowest daily maximum temperatures recorded in the UK. This is in accordance with the met office, hence readings from the Cairn Gorm station are not on this list.[2]  Below is a list of the highest and lowest daily minimum temperatures recorded in the UK. This is in accordance with the met office, hence readings from the Cairn Gorm station are not on this list.[2]  Central estimates produced by the Met Office predict average annual temperature to increase by 2 °C and the warmest summer day to increase by 3 °C by the 2050s. Average winter rainfall is also likely to increase and most areas will see a slight decrease in annual rainfall.[99]  According to the Met Office, in the UK, the decade from 2000 to 2009 was the warmest since instrumental record dating started in 1850.[100] Additionally, it was reported by the Met Office and BBC in 2019 that the 10 warmest years in the UK have all been since 2002.[93]  Boris Johnson announced that UK will set a target of 68% reduction in GHG emissions by the year 2030 and include this target in its commitments in the Paris agreement.[101]  v t e Bournemouth, Dorset (Jan 1959) Jersey, Channel Islands (Feb 1891) Aberystwyth, Ceredigion (Mar 1929) Westbourne, Sussex (Apr 1893) Worthing, West Sussex (May 1909) Falmouth, Cornwall (Jun 1925) Eastbourne, East Sussex (Jul 1911) Hastings, East Sussex (Jul 1911) Ilfracombe, Devon (Aug 1976) Jersey, Channel Islands (Sep 1959) Felixstowe, Suffolk (Oct 1921) Falmouth, Cornwall (Nov 1923) St Helier, Jersey, Channel Islands (Dec 2001) Sloy, Argyll and Bute (17 Jan 1974) Ben Nevis, Highland (6 Feb 1894) Glen Etive, Highland (26 Mar 1968) Seathwaite, Cumbria (22 Apr 1970) Seathwaite, Cumbria (8 May 1884) Bruton, Somerset (28 Jun 1917) Martinstown, Dorset (18 Jul 1955) East Wretham, Norfolk (16 Aug 2020) West Stourmouth, Kent (20 Sep 1973) Kinlochquoich, Highland (11 Oct 1916) Seathwaite, Cumbria (19 Nov 2009) Thirlmere, Cumbria (5 Dec 2015) Coningsby, Lincolnshire on 19 July 2022 Edgmond, near Newport, Shropshire on 10 January 1982 Hawarden, Flintshire on 18 July 2022 Rhayader, Radnorshire on 21 January 1940 Floors Castle (Kelso), Scottish Borders on 19 July 2022 Braemar, Aberdeenshire on 11 February 1895 and 10 January 1982 Altnaharra, Sutherland on 30 December 1995 Castlederg, County Tyrone on 21 July 2021 Castlederg, County Tyrone on 23 December 2010 Aber, Gwynedd (27 Jan 1958) Aber, Gwynedd (10 Jan 1971) Aboyne, Aberdeenshire (26 Jan 2003) Inchmarlo, Kincardineshire (26 Jan 2003) Braemar, Aberdeenshire (10 Jan 1982) Kew Gardens, London (26 Feb 2019)[19] Braemar, Aberdeenshire (11 Feb 1895) Mepal, Cambridgeshire (29 Mar 1968) Logie Coldstone, Aberdeenshire (14 Mar 1958) Camden Square, London (16 Apr 1949) Eskdalemuir, Dumfriesshire (2 Apr 1917) Camden Square, London (22 May 1922) Horsham, West Sussex (29 May 1944) Tunbridge Wells, Kent (29 May 1944) Regent's Park, London (29 May 1944) Lynford, Norfolk (4 May 1941) Lynford, Norfolk (11 May 1941) Fort Augustus, Highland (15 May 1941) Camden Square, London (29 Jun 1957) Southampton (28 Jun 1976) Dalwhinnie, Highland (9 Jun 1955) Santon Downham, Norfolk (1 Jun 1962) Santon Downham, Norfolk (3 Jun 1962) Coningsby, Lincolnshire (19 Jul 2022)[98] Lagganlia, Highland (15 Jul 1977) Brogdale, Faversham, Kent (10 Aug 2003) Lagganlia, Highland (21 Aug 1973) Bawtry, Hesley Hall, South Yorkshire (2 Sep 1906) Dalwhinnie, Highland (26 Sep 1942) Gravesend, Kent (1 Oct 2011) Dalwhinnie, Highland (28 Oct 1948) Trawsgoed, Ceredigion (1 Nov 2015) Braemar, Aberdeenshire (14 Nov 1919) Achfary, Highland (28 Dec 2019) Altnaharra, Highland (30 Dec 1995) Aber, Gwynedd (27 Jan 1958) Aber, Gwynedd (10 Jan 1971) Aboyne, Aberdeenshire (26 Jan 2003) Inchmarlo, Kincardineshire (26 Jan 2003) West Linton, Scottish Borders (10 Jan 1982) Kew Gardens, London (26 Feb 2019)[19] Braemar, Aberdeenshire (9 Feb 1895) Princeton, Devon (1 Feb 1956) Mepal, Cambridgeshire (29 Mar 1968) Tredegar, Blaenau Gwent (1 Mar 2018) Camden Square, London (16 Apr 1949) Durham, County Durham (1 Apr 1917) Macclesfield, Cheshire (1 Apr 1917) Camden Square, London (22 May 1922) Horsham, West Sussex (29 May 1944) Tunbridge Wells, Kent (29 May 1944) Regent's Park, London (29 May 1944) Braemar, Aberdeenshire (8 May 1917) Knockanrock, Highland (1 May 1979) Camden Square, London (29 Jun 1957) Southampton (28 Jun 1976) Nunraw Abbey, East Lothian (2 Jun 1975) Coningsby, Lincolnshire (19 Jul 2022) Clashnoir, Banffshire (5 Jul 1978) Brogdale, Faversham, Kent (10 Aug 2003) Bradford, West Yorkshire (28 Aug 1919) Newton Rigg, Cumbria (28 Aug 1919) Lerwick, Shetland (18 Aug 1964) Bawtry, Hesley Hall, South Yorkshire (2 Sep 1906) Braemar, Aberdeenshire (29 Sep 1915) Gravesend, Kent (1 Oct 2011) Glenmore Lodge, Inverness-shire (17 Oct 1973) Trawsgoed, Ceredigion (1 Nov 2015) Braemar, Aberdeenshire (29 Nov 1912) Braemar, Aberdeenshire (14 Nov 1919) Achnashellach, Highland (2 Dec 1948) Fyvie Castle, Aberdeenshire (29 Dec 1995) Magilligan, County Londonderry (25 Jan 2016) Braemar, Aberdeenshire (10 Jan 1982) Achnagart, Highland (23 Feb 2019) Braemar, Aberdeenshire (11 Feb 1895) Arthog, Gwynedd (18 Mar 1990) Logie Coldstone, Aberdeenshire (14 Mar 1958) Kenley Airfield, Greater London (19 Apr 2018) Eskdalemuir, Dumfriesshire (2 Apr 1917) Folkstone, Kent (19 May 2022) Lynford, Norfolk (4 May 1941) Lynford, Norfolk (11 May 1941) Fort Augustus, Highland (15 May 1941) Ventnor Park, Isle of Wight (22 Jun 1976) Dalwhinnie, Highland (9 Jun 1955) Santon Downham, Norfolk (1 Jun 1962) Santon Downham, Norfolk (3 Jun 1962) Shirburn Model Farm, Oxfordshire (19 Jul 2022) Lagganlia, Highland (15 Jul 1977) Brighton, East Sussex (3 Aug 1990) Lagganlia, Highland (21 Aug 1973) St James's Park, London (5 Sep 1949) Dalwhinnie, Highland (26 Sep 1942) Aber, Gwynedd (1 Oct 1985) Dalwhinnie, Highland (28 Oct 1948) Eastbourne, East Sussex (3 Nov 2005) Braemar, Aberdeenshire (14 Nov 1919) Hawarden, Flintshire (12 Dec 1994) Altnaharra, Highland (30 Dec 1995) England portal 2005 United Kingdom snow events Air pollution in the United Kingdom Climate of south-west England European windstorm Geography of the United Kingdom List of natural disasters in the British Isles Met Office United Kingdom weather records"
Simbumbumbu;"   Simbumbumbu  is a village under Chief Khulumani Mathema, with a sub-village  named Magumpo under the hand of Ranold Dlamini (kraal head), located northeast of its main centre. The village serves as a main business centre to its neighboring villages i.e. Gqalaza, Mawanke Mayezane and Mapane. The schools in Simbumbumbu, (primary and secondary), has been faced with the problems of underdevelopment since the early 2000s. Due to the aid of a few non government organizations, like Family Impact as well as UNICEF together with the strong joint application force of the community, a great improvement has occurred on the infrastructure of the schools. Almost from the year 2010 education outcome at Simbumbumbu both primary and secondary, has improved by almost 12% as far as the statistics is concerned. The village occupied by the Ndebele origins is so proud of all the individuals who helped it maneuver its way out of education boundaries.  ward 7 in Gwanda District of Matabeleland South province in southern Zimbabwe.  Simbumbumbu is home  to Khithiza FC, the local football club which was formed in the late 1990s by Ndaba.      This Zimbabwe location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. v t e Alisupi Buvuma Sengezane Mtshabezi Mission Gwaranyemba Gungwe Hwali Kafusi Lushongwe Manama Matshetshe Mtshazo Mzimuni Nkwidze Ntalale Shake Silonga Simbumbumbu Sizeze Tshongwe Vela Gobatema Nyambi Mawaza Madihongola Mkomana Bubye River Insiza River Mtshabezi River Mzingwane River Thuli River Umchabezi River Buvuma Dam Doddieburn Dam Glassblock Dam Oakley Block Dam Ripple Creek Dam Sukwi Dam Thuli-Makwe Dam Thuli-Manyange Dam Thuli-Moswa Dam Mount Casulet Nshanga Mountain Blanket Mine Colleen Bawn Fumukwe Gwanda Hwali Manama Vubachikwe West Nicholson Tuli Towla A6 road Beitbridge Bulawayo Railway Thuli Parks and Wildlife Land Gwanda State University Joshua Mqabuko Nkomo Polytechnic Gwanda High School JZ Moyo High School Njube Sundowns F.C. Phelandaba Stadium Ramblers F.C. Gwanda North Gwanda Central Gwanda South Gwanda senatorial constituency v t e"
Windsor—Tecumseh (provincial electoral district);" Windsor—Tecumseh is a provincial electoral district in Ontario, Canada, that has been represented in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario since the 2007 provincial election and as Windsor—St. Clair for the 1999 provincial election and 2003 provincial elections.  It was created in 1996 from parts of Windsor—Riverside and Windsor—Walkerville.  It consists of the Town of Tecumseh, and the part of the City of Windsor lying east and north of a line drawn from the U.S. border southeast along Langlois Avenue, east along Tecumseh Road East, and southeast along Pillette Road to the southern city limit.    Source:[6]  ^ Change is based on redistributed results.[7]  Coordinates: 42°17′35″N 82°54′00″W﻿ / ﻿42.293°N 82.900°W﻿ / 42.293, -82.900  Elections Ontario Past Election Results Map of riding for 2018 election"
1924 United States Senate election in Montana;" Thomas J. Walsh Democratic  Thomas J. Walsh Democratic  The 1924 United States Senate election in Montana took place on November 4, 1924. Incumbent United States Senator Thomas J. Walsh, who was first elected to the Senate in 1912 by the state legislature (as was the practice then), and re-elected in 1918 by popular vote (in accordance with the 17th Amendment), ran for re-election. He was unopposed in the Democratic primary.   He faced former State Representative Frank Bird Linderman and several independent opponents in the general election. Walsh ultimately won re-election to his third term by a solid margin.  1892 1896 1900 1904 1908 1912 1916 1920 1924 1928 1932 1936 1940 1944 1948 1952 1956 1960 1964 1968 1972 1976 1980 1984 1988 1992 1996 2000 2004 2008 2012 2016 2020 2024 1890 1895 1895 sp 1899 1901 1901 sp 1905 1907 1911 1913 1916 1918 1922 1924 1928 1930 1934 1934 sp 1936 1940 1942 1946 1948 1952 1954 1958 1960 1964 1966 1970 1972 1976 1978 1982 1984 1988 1990 1994 1996 2000 2002 2006 2008 2012 2014 2018 2020 2024 2026 1889 1890 1892 1894 1896 1898 1900 1902 1904 1906 1908 1910 1912 1914 1916 1918 1920 1922 1924 1926 1928 1930 1932 1934 1936 1938 1940 1942 1944 1945 2nd sp 2nd sp 1946 1948 1950 1952 1954 1956 1958 1960 1962 1964 1966 1968 1969 2nd sp 2nd sp 1970 1972 1974 1976 1978 1980 1982 1984 1986 1988 1990 1992 1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 2014 2016 2017 AL sp AL sp 2018 2020 2022 2010 2016 2020 2022 1889 1892 1896 1900 1904 1908 1912 1916 1920 1924 1928 1932 1936 1940 1944 1948 1952 1956 1960 1964 1968 1972 1976 1980 1984 1988 1992 1996 2000 2004 2008 2012 2016 2020 2024 2020 2020 2016 2018 2020 2022 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 2014 2016 2018 2020 2022 v t e Thomas J. Walsh, incumbent United States Senator J. W. Anderson Frank Bird Linderman, former State Representative, former Assistant Secretary of State of Montana Wellington D. Rankin, Attorney General of Montana John W. Allison R. W. Kemp"
100% Lena;" 100% Lena was released in 2002 and is a compilation album by Swedish pop singer Lena Philipsson.[1]    This 2000s pop album–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. "Kärleken är evig" "Om igen" "Saknar dig innan du går" "Jag känner" ("Ti Sento") "Det går väl an" "Cheerio" "Åh Amadeus" "Månsken i augusti" "Dansa i neon" "Du är mitt liv" "Stjärnorna" "Löpa linan ut" "Den ende" "Åh, vad jag längtar" "Sommartid" "Om jag fick" "Kom du av dej" "Säg det nu" "Segla" "Boy""
Speckled antshrike;"   The speckled antshrike or spiny-faced antshrike (Xenornis setifrons) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is the only member of the genus Xenornis. It is found in Panama and far northwestern Colombia.  Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.  This article about an antbird is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
ADAC TCR Germany Touring Car Championship;" The ADAC TCR Germany Touring Car Championship is a touring car racing series based in Germany.  On 16 September 2015, the German Series was launched by ADAC and Engstler Motorsport, who already run in the International Series. The new category runs in the same events as ADAC GT Masters and ADAC Formula 4 as well as Deutscher Tourenwagen Cup (formerly ADAC Procar) until the series was disbanded in 2016.[1] "
Society for the Promotion of New Music;" The Society for the Promotion of New Music (SPNM), originally named The Committee for the Promotion of New Music, was founded in January 1943 in London by the émigré composer Francis Chagrin, to promote the creation and performance of new music in the UK by young and unestablished composers.[1] Since 1993 it has awarded the annual Francis Chagrin Award and the Butterworth Prize for Composition. In 2008, it merged with three other networks to form Sound and Music.[2]  The Committee for the Promotion of New Music was a membership organization which sought to find the best new composers and to help support their careers, especially in the UK.[3][4] Francis Chagrin has been described as the Committee's "organizer and chief moving spirit".[1] Fellow émigré composer Benjamin Frankel said that by establishing it he "gave many composers (not only the young ones) their first opportunity of a hearing: he had travelled abroad as our representative, had battled with publishers and spoken passionately on the question of performing rights. He had, in fact, become the first person to whom we turned when composer's problems arose".[5]  Mátyás Seiber and Roy Douglas were also among the founding members of the Committee.[6] Ralph Vaughan Williams agreed to become president with the proviso that it "avoid all cliques [and] give a welcome to all good work in whatever style or school".[3] Arthur Bliss was appointed as vice-president, and Benjamin Britten and Michael Tippett served on the Committee. Its initial activities were subsidized by the wartime Council for the Encouragement of Music and the Arts and by private donations from Vaughan Williams and Bliss among others, and remained the basis for much of its subsequent work: "recommended lists" of works were drawn up, which resulted in increased broadcasting by the BBC and in several recordings, issued in the 1940s on 78rpm discs by Decca.[3][4] By October 1951, a draft amended Constitution had been prepared, and on 27 May 1952 the Society for the Promotion of New Music met for its inaugural meeting.[4]  On 5 February 1973 the Society celebrated its 30th anniversary with a concert at the Queen Elizabeth Hall.[7] It had commissioned a new piece from Francis Chagrin to mark the event but he was ill and unable to complete the work. Chagrin died on 10 November 1972. At his request, his Lamento appassionato for string orchestra was played instead.[8] This was one of the few times his own work was ever performed at an SPNM event. The Francis Chagrin Fund for Young Composers was established in his memory in 1973 and continues today.[9] From 1993 onward SPNM awarded the annual Butterworth Prize for Composition.[10]  In its first 50 years, some 9,000 scores were submitted to the SPNM, resulting in 850 composers being represented in its concerts.[6] On 1 October 2008, the SPNM merged with the British Music Information Centre (BMIC), the Contemporary Music Network and the Sonic Arts Network, forming a new organisation to promote contemporary music in the UK called Sound and Music.[2] "
Blinding White Noise: Illusion and Chaos;"  Blinding White Noise: Illusion & Chaos is the debut album by progressive metal band Skyharbor. It was released on April 23, 2012, through Basick Records. This is a double-disc album.[2] Daniel Tompkins (who would later join Skyharbor) performed vocal duties on disc one (Illusion), and Sunneith Revankar (Bhayanak Maut) performed vocal duties on disc two (Chaos). The album features several guest appearances, including Marty Friedman (ex-Megadeth) who performed guitar solos on 'Catharsis' and 'Celestial'. Vishal J. Singh of Amogh Symphony contributed a classical guitar solo on 'Celestial' as well. New Zealand based musician and renowned producer Zorran Mendonsa played additional guitars on 'Trayus'. Disc 2 (Chaos) features largely harsh vocals with the occasional clean sung chorus, while Disc 1 (Illusion) features almost entirely clean vocals.  All tracks are written by Keshav Dhar.     This 2010s metal album–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Keshav Dhar - Guitars, Bass, Drum programming, Production & Mixing Daniel Tompkins - Vocals and Lyrics on Disc One Sunneith Revankar - Vocals and Lyrics on Disc Two Marty Friedman - Guitar Solos on 'Catharsis' and 'Celestial' Vishal J. Singh - Guitar Solo on 'Celestial' Zorran Mendonsa - Additional Guitars on 'Trayus'"
Rotating wall technique;" The Rotating wall technique (or RW technique) is a method used to compress a single-component plasma (a cold dense gas of charged particles) confined in an electromagnetic trap. It is one of many scientific and technological applications that rely on storing charged particles in vacuum. This technique has found extensive use in improving the quality of these traps and in tailoring of both positron and antiproton (i.e. antiparticle) plasmas for a variety of end uses.  Single-component plasmas (SCP), which are a type of nonneutral plasma, have many uses, including studying a variety of plasma physics phenomena [1] and for the accumulation, storage and delivery of antiparticles. Applications include the creation and study of antihydrogen,[2][3][4] beams to study the interaction of positrons with ordinary matter and to create dense gases of positronium (Ps) atoms,[5][6][7] and the creation of Ps-atom beams.[8][9] The “rotating wall (RW) technique” uses rotating electric fields to compress SCP in PM traps radially to increase the plasma density and/or to counteract the tendency of plasma to diffuse radially out of the trap. It has proven crucial in improving the quality and hence utility of trapped plasmas and trap-based beams.  For this application, a plasma is stored in a Penning–Malmberg (PM) trap[1] in a uniform magnetic field, B. The charge cloud is typically cylindrical in shape with dimension along B large compared to the radius. This charge produces a radial electric field which would tend to push the plasma outward. To counteract this, the plasma spins about the axis of symmetry producing a Lorentz force to balance that due to the electric field, and the plasma takes the form of a spinning charged rod.  Such cold, single-component plasmas in PM traps can come to thermal equilibrium and rotate as a rigid body at frequency  where n is the plasma density.[10] As illustrated in Fig. 1, the RW technique uses an azimuthally segmented cylindrical electrode covering a portion of a plasma. Phased, sinusoidal voltages at frequency fRW are applied to the segments. The result is a rotating electric field perpendicular to the axis of symmetry of the plasma. This field induces an electric dipole moment in the plasma and hence a torque. Rotation of the field in the direction of, and faster than the natural rotation of the plasma acts to spin the plasma faster, thereby increasing the Lorentz force and producing plasma compression (cf. Figs. 2 and 3).[11]  An important requirement for plasma compression using the RW technique is good coupling between the plasma and the rotating field. This is necessary to overcome asymmetry-induced transport which acts as a drag on the plasma and tends to oppose the RW torque. For high quality PM traps with little asymmetry induced transport, one can access a so-called “strong drive regime."[11][12] In this case, application of a rotating electric field at frequency  results in the plasma spinning up to the applied frequency, namely fE = fRW (cf. Fig. 3). This has proven enormously useful as a way to fix plasma density simply by adjusting fRW.  The RW technique was first developed by Huang et al., to compress a magnetized Mg+ plasma.[13] The technique was soon thereafter applied to electron plasmas, where a segmented electrode, such as that described above, was used to couple to waves (Trivelpiece-Gould modes) in the plasma.[14] The technique was also used to phase-lock the rotation frequency of laser cooled single-component ion crystals.[15] The first use of the RW technique for antimatter was done using small positron plasmas without coupling to modes.[16] The strong drive regime, which was discovered somewhat later using electron plasmas,[17] has proven to be more useful in that tuning to (and tracking) plasma modes is unnecessary. A related technique has been developed to compress single-component charged gases in PM traps (i.e., charge clouds not in the plasma regime).[18][19]  The RW technique has found extensive use in manipulating antiparticles in Penning–Malmberg traps. One important application is the creation of specially tailored antiparticle beams for atomic physics experiments.[5] Frequently one would like a beam with a large current density. In this case, one compresses the plasma with the RW technique before delivery. This has been crucial in experiments to study dense gases of positronium (Ps) atoms and formation of the Ps2  molecule (e+e−e+e−) [5-7]. It has also been important in the creation of high-quality Ps-atom beams.[8][9]  The RW technique is used in three ways in the creation of low-energy antihydrogen atoms. Antiprotons are compressed radially by sympathetic compression with electrons co-loaded in the trap. The technique has also been used to fix the positron density before the positrons and antiprotons are combined.[2][3] Recently it was discovered that one could set all of the important parameters of the electron and positron plasmas for antihydrogen production using the RW to fix the plasma density and evaporative cooling to cool the plasma and fix the on-axis space charge potential. The result was greatly increased reproducibility for antihydrogen production.[4] In particular, this technique, dubbed SDREVC (strong drive regime evaporative cooling),[20] was successful to the extent that it increased the number of trappable antihydrogen by an order of magnitude. This is particularly important in that, while copious amounts of antihydrogen can be produced, the vast majority are at high temperature and cannot be trapped in the small well depth of the minimum-magnetic field atom traps.[21]  Positron Antiproton Penning trap Non-neutral plasmas Annihilation Positronium Antihydrogen"
Haeng Ung Lee;" Haeng Ung ("H.U.") Lee (July 20, 1936 – October 5, 2000) was the co-founder and first Grand Master of the American Taekwondo Association.[2][3]  H.U. Lee was born in Manchuria, China in 1936. After World War II, his family relocated to South Korea, where Lee began his martial arts training in 1953, and earned his first degree black belt in 1954.[4] In 1956, Lee entered the Korean army as a trainer for special troops. He spent this time as part of an intelligence unit on Baengnyoung Island.[5] After three years, he retired and opened a taekwondo school at Osan Air Base. There, he met Richard Reed, who would later be the sponsor to his emigration to the United States in 1962.[6] Lee moved to Omaha, Nebraska, where in 1969 he co-founded the American Taekwondo Association.[1] Omaha remained the organization's headquarters until Lee relocated it to Little Rock, Arkansas in 1977. H.U. Lee developed the discipline of Songham Taekwondo in 1983.[7] And in 1990, the ATA Master's Council awarded Lee the rank of 10th degree black belt and the title of "Grand Master."  Haeng Ung Lee was an active participant in charity work, and the ATA provided funding towards numerous organizations such as the Muscular Dystrophy Association, the Susan G. Komen Race for the Cure, Arkansas Children's Hospital, and Arkansas Special Olympics. In 1991, he established the H.U. Lee Scholarship Foundation to provide funding towards active college students.[8] H.U. Lee has additionally received several awards for his works and contributions, including, but not limited to, Key of the City Awards from Omaha, Nebraska, Corpus Christi, Texas, Little Rock, Arkansas, Evansville, Indiana, Tallahassee, Florida, and Panama City, Florida. He also received the Kaleidoscope Award in 1994 and the Crystal Award in 1996 from the Little Rock Convention and Visitor's Bureau.[9] Lee has also been inducted into the Arkansas Sports Hall of Fame.  On October 5, 2000, Lee died of cancer.[10] He was buried in Forest Hills Memorial Park in Alexander, Arkansas.[11] About 3,000 people attended his funeral in Little Rock, Arkansas, and President Bill Clinton sent his condolences to Little Rock Mayor Jim Dailey.[12] Lee's brother Soon Ho was later promoted to 9th degree Grand Master. H.U. Lee's widow, Sun C. Lee, received her late husband's shares in the company and became the new chairman of the board of the ATA. H.U. Lee was posthumously promoted to 10th degree black belt, and awarded the title "Eternal Grand Master". He is the first ever to attain this rank in the ATA. In 2007, some of Lee's heirs decided to give a tribute back to Lee's home in the United States, and arranged to have a traditional Korean gate built in Korea and shipped to Little Rock. This cost about $1.4 million, and the gate itself weighs about 8 tons.[13] This gate stands at the end of the Main Street Bridge in the heart of Little Rock, Arkansas, representing a symbol of friendship between South Korea and the United States, and as a tribute to martial arts.[14]  List of taekwondo grandmasters"
Double Fudge;" Double Fudge is a 2002 children's novel by Judy Blume and the fifth and final entry in the Fudge series. The Hatcher family goes to Washington, D.C. where they spend time with their extended family, and Fudge finds out that his cousin is also named Farley Drexel Hatcher. His interest in money is a common theme throughout the story.  In this latest installment of the Fudge series, Fudge is still five years old and takes up an obsessive and greedy love for money, driving his twelve-year-old brother, Peter, insane,[1] and after some talking with his family, they decide to take him to the Bureau of Engraving and Printing in Washington, D.C. for a long weekend to show how it is made, hoping that his obsession would stop there. That plan doesn't work, and instead, they meet up with their long-lost cousins, the Howie Hatchers. There is Howie, a park ranger who resides in Hawaii and is traveling the country, his pregnant wife, Eudora, their perfect, slightly overindulged twelve-year-old identical twin daughters, Flora and Fauna, who are sometimes nicknamed the "Natural Beauties" and the "Heavenly Hatchers", and last but not least, three-year-old Farley Drexel Hatcher, which is also Fudge's real name. Peter dubs him "Mini", and the nickname sticks. The Hatchers are forced when the Howie Hatchers invite themselves to move in with them for weeks in their Upper West Side apartment.  Peter is also having a rough time throughout the story because his best friend, Jimmy Fargo, has left the Upper West Side and moved "far off" to SoHo on the other side of Manhattan, although they still get to go to the same school, where they're both in the seventh grade, while Fudge is in *Mixed* group, along with his new friend, Melissa Beth Miller.  Near the end of the story, in a semi-homage to the ending of the first novel, Mini swallows Fudge's baby tooth that just fell out, making him furious at him because he was planning to get a dollar for it from the tooth fairy. After the Howie Hatchers leave with Mini for good, Fudge throws a temper tantrum over what Mini did, saying he hated him. Then Peter tells him that he felt the same way when Fudge swallowed his pet turtle, Dribble, in Tales of a Fourth Grade Nothing. Genuinely surprised at this news, Fudge apologizes to him for doing so and finally realizes that he hasn't been a very good brother to him.  The paperback edition contains an after-story interview with Judy Blume, who claims she has no definite plans, but may write yet another Fudge story, which, as of December 2021, has not come to fruition.    This article about a children's novel of the 2000s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page."
Smith Snyder;" Smith Snyder is an American former Negro league outfielder who played in the 1940s.  Snyder played for the New York Cubans in 1943. In 11 recorded games, he posted three hits in 28 plate appearances.[1][2]    This Negro league baseball biography article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. New York Cubans (1943)"
Armed Forces of Equatorial Guinea;"   The Armed Forces of Equatorial Guinea (Spanish: Fuerzas Armadas de Guinea Ecuatorial, French: Forces armées de la Guinée équatoriale, Portuguese: Forças Armadas da Guiné Equatorial) consists of approximately 2,500 service members. The army has almost 1,400 soldiers, the police 400 paramilitary men, the navy 200 service members, and the air force about 120 members. There is also a gendarmerie, but the number of members is unknown. The Gendarmerie is a new branch of the service in which training and education is being supported by the French Military Cooperation in Equatorial Guinea.[2] Military appointments are all reviewed by President Teodoro Obiang, and few of the native militiamen come from outside of Obiang's Mongomo-based Esangui clan. Obiang was a general when he overthrew his uncle, Francisco Macías Nguema.  Overall the military is poorly trained and equipped. It has mostly small arms, RPGs, and mortars. Almost none of its Soviet-style light-armored vehicles or trucks are operational.[citation needed]  The Armed Forces were reorganized in 1979. In 1988, the United States donated a 68-foot patrol boat to the Equatoguinean navy to patrol its exclusive economic zone. The U.S. patrol boat Isla de Bioko is no longer operational.[3] U.S. military-to-military engagement has been dormant since 1997 (the year of the last Joint Combined Exchange Training exercise). Between 1984 and 1992, service members went regularly to the United States on the International Military Education Training program, after which funding for this program for Equatorial Guinea ceased. The government spent 6.5% of its annual budget on defense in 2000 and 4.5% of its budget on defense in 2001. It recently acquired some Chinese artillery pieces, some Ukrainian patrol boats, and some Ukrainian helicopter gunships. The number of paved airports in Equatorial Guinea can be counted on one hand, and as such the number of airplanes operated by the air force is small. The Equatoguineans rely on foreigners to operate and maintain this equipment as they are not sufficiently trained to do so. Cooper and Weinert 2010 says that all aircraft are based on the military side of Malabo International Airport.[4]  In 2002, an International Consortium of Investigative Journalists report said:  The oil companies do not view Equatorial Guinea's military – a product of decades of brutal dictatorial rule – with much confidence. The army is believed to have only about 1,320 men under arms, the navy 120, and the air force 100. Seven of the army's nine generals are relatives of the president, the other two are from his tribe. There is no clear command structure, the level of discipline is low, and professionalism and training are almost non-existent, according to locals and foreign oil workers. Even the presidential guard – an indication of the lack of trust in the country's forces – is composed of 350 Moroccan troops."[5] The Equatorial Guinea Air Corps was founded in 1979 with mainly French and Spanish air frames. In 2005, 4 Su 25s including 2 Su-25UB combat trainers were delivered to the Equatorial Guinea Air Corps. The current status of the aircraft is unknown.[8] In 2015 two CASA C-295 (one transport and one surveillance) aircraft were ordered for delivery from September 2016.[9]  The Equatorial Guinean main task is to counter piracy and robbery at sea. In July 2010, after the visit of Brazilian president Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, an order for a Barroso-class corvette was announced.[11][12] However, as of 2014[update] no further news has been announced.[13] On 3 June 2014, the frigate Wele Nzas was commissioned and became the navy's flagship.[14]  On 6 November 2016, the Zimbabwe Defence Forces deployed a training contingent to the Equatorial Guinea to train the country's military officers on operational and logistic matters following an urgent request by the West African country. The security personnel contingent is composed of members of the Zimbabwe National Army and Air Force of Zimbabwe.[20] In 2018, 28 graduates from the military received diplomas from the Nakhimov Naval Academy in Sevastopol.[21]  Fuerzas Armadas de Guinea Ecuatorial (Spanish) Forces armées de la Guinée équatoriale (French) Forças Armadas da Guiné Equatorial (Portuguese)"
2022 Western & Southern Open – Men's singles;" Borna Ćorić defeated Stefanos Tsitsipas in the final, 7–6(7–0), 6–2 to win the men's singles tennis title at the 2022 Cincinnati Masters. It was his first Masters 1000 title,[1] and his first title overall since 2018, in Halle. Ranked No. 152 in the world and using a protected ranking for entry, Ćorić became the lowest ranked player to win a Masters 1000 event since its inception in 1990. He defeated five seeded players en route to the title.  Alexander Zverev was the reigning champion,[2][3] but did not participate due to a long-term ankle injury.  Rafael Nadal and Daniil Medvedev were in contention for the ATP No. 1 ranking.[4] Medvedev retained the top ranking after Nadal lost in the second round to Ćorić.  The top eight seeds receive a bye into the second round.[5]  Click on the seed number of a player to go to their draw section.  The following are the seeded players. Seedings are based on ATP rankings as of August 8, 2022. Rank and points before are as of August 15, 2022.  Points for the 2021 tournament were not mandatory and are included in the table below only if they counted towards the player's ranking as of August 15, 2022. Players who are not defending points from the 2021 tournament will instead have their 19th best result replaced by their points from the 2022 tournament.  † This column shows either the player's points from the 2021 tournament or his 19th best result (shown in brackets). Only ranking points counting towards the player's ranking as of August 15, 2022, are reflected in the column.  The following players would have been seeded, but withdrew before the tournament began.  Q = Qualifier WC = Wild card LL = Lucky loser Alt = Alternate SE = Special exempt PR = Protected ranking ITF = ITF entry JE = Junior exempt w/o = Walkover r = Retired d = Defaulted SR = Special ranking  Sebastian Korda  Mackenzie McDonald  Ben Shelton  J. J. Wolf  Borna Ćorić  Stan Wawrinka  Alexander Bublik → replaced by  Fabio Fognini  Novak Djokovic → replaced by  Brandon Nakashima  Gaël Monfils → replaced by  Nick Kyrgios  Reilly Opelka → replaced by  Alex Molčan  Oscar Otte → replaced by  Emil Ruusuvuori  Dominic Thiem → replaced by  Filip Krajinović  Alexander Zverev → replaced by  Benjamin Bonzi  Lorenzo Musetti (qualified)  Andy Murray (moved to main draw)  Ilya Ivashka (qualifying competition)  Pedro Martínez (first round)  Lorenzo Sonego (qualified)  Jaume Munar (qualified)  Marcos Giron (qualified)  João Sousa (withdrew)  Fabio Fognini (qualifying competition, lucky loser)  David Goffin (qualified)  Thiago Monteiro (qualifying competition)  Dušan Lajović (qualifying competition)  Adrian Mannarino (first round)  Thanasi Kokkinakis (qualified)  Lorenzo Musetti  Henri Laaksonen  Thanasi Kokkinakis  David Goffin  Lorenzo Sonego  Jaume Munar  Marcos Giron  Fabio Fognini"
1994 Stockholm Open;" The 1994 Stockholm Open was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 26th edition of the Stockholm Open and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1994 ATP Tour. It took place at the Stockholm Globe Arena in Stockholm, Sweden, from 24 October until 31 October 1994. Sixth-seeded Boris Becker won the singles title.  The singles draw was headlined by World No. 1 Pete Sampras, Goran Ivanišević, and Michael Stich. Other top seeds were Sergi Bruguera, Stefan Edberg, Boris Becker, Michael Chang, and Andre Agassi.   Boris Becker defeated  Goran Ivanišević, 4–6, 6–4, 6–3, 7–6(7–4)   Todd Woodbridge /  Mark Woodforde defeated  Jan Apell /  Jonas Björkman, 6–3, 6–4  It was Becker's 4th title of the year, and his 42nd overall. It was his 1st Masters title of the year and his 4th overall. It was his 4th win at Stockholm, also winning in 1992, 1991, and 1988."
Mike Sinclair (footballer);"   Michael John Sinclair (13 October 1938 – 12 May 2017) was an English professional footballer who played as a forward in the Football League for Grimsby Town.[2]    This biographical article related to association football in England, about a forward born in the 1930s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
1995 Eastern Illinois Panthers football team;" The 1995 Eastern Illinois Panthers football team represented Eastern Illinois University as a member of the Gateway Football Conference during the 1995 NCAA Division I-AA football season. Led by ninth-year head coach Bob Spoo, the Panthers compiled and overall record of 10–2 with a mark of 5–1 in conference play, winning the Gateway title. Eastern Illinois was invited to the NCAA Division I-AA Football Championship playoffs, where they lost to Stephen F. Austin in the first round.  [2]  Bob Spoo (9th season) v t e $ – Conference champion ^ – NCAA Division I-AA playoff participant Fortera Stadium Clarksville, TN O'Brien Stadium Charleston, IL O'Brien Stadium Charleston, IL O'Brien Stadium Charleston, IL O'Brien Stadium Charleston, IL UNI-Dome Cedar Falls, IA L. T. Smith Stadium Bowling Green, KY O'Brien Stadium Charleston, IL O'Brien Stadium Charleston, IL McAndrew Stadium Carbondale, IL Memorial Stadium Terre Haute, IN Homer Bryce Stadium Nacogdoches, TX (NCAA Division I-AA First Round) *Non-conference game Rankings from The Sports Netowrk Poll released prior to the game"
Dinata;" "Dinata" or "Dynata" is a song from the album Meno Ektos, its music was composed by Ara Dinkjian, its lyrics written by Lina Nikolakopoulou and it was first sung by Eleftheria Arvanitaki while Arto Tuncboyaciyan features in non verbal singing and percussion in some versions and performances of it, it mixes the influence of Balkan, Greek and Armenian music with electronics. This song, among the others on Meno Ektos, improved Arvanitaki's name recognition in Greece,  a notable performance of it by her was at the closing ceremony of the 2004 Athens Olympics, during the fireworks and after the flame had been extinguished.  Various versions of "Dinata" exist. The song or rather the music was first published in 1986 as an instrumental piece by Night Ark (see below), whence its "official" English title, i.e. Homecoming.[1]  Ara Dinkjian is a founding member of the band or instrumental jazz quartet Night Ark, their most famous piece is Homecoming which can be first found on their 1986 album Picture.  A French version of the song was recorded by Demis Roussos on the 1997 album Mon Ile with French lyrics by Koraz.[2]  "Dinata Dinata" was covered by Greek-Swedish duo Antique. It was released in November 1999 as the second single from their debut album, Mera Me Ti Mera. It reached the top 10 in Romania, Italy and Sweden. In Italy, this song was publicated in 5 December 1999.  A Turkish version of the song was released by Sezen Aksu with the title Sarışınım on the 1988 album Sezen Aksu'88.  Ara Dinkjian Lina Nikolakopoulou Ara Dinkjian French single "Dinata" (Radio Edit) - 3:37 "Dinata" - 4:12 "Mon Ile" - 4:16 Laïko Eurodance Bonnier Music Virgin Schallplatten A. Dinkjian L. Nikolakopoulou C&N Project Adebratt German and Swedish single "Dinata Dinata" (Radio Edit) - 3:17 "Dinata Dinata" (Extended Version) - 4:25 "Westoriental Trip" - 4:07 Swedish single "Dinata Dinata" (Radio Edit) - 3:17 "Set Your Body Free" - 5:28 Swedish promo single "Dinata Dinata" (C&N Project Mix) - 7:45 "Dinata Dinata" (Jonas S. Club Mix) - 5:06 "Dinata Dinata" (L.O.L. Brothers on a Mission Mix) - 5:14 "Dinata Dinata" (Radio Edit) - 3:18"
McNeice;" McNeice is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:  See also:  Ian McNeice (born 1950), English actor John A. McNeice Jr (born 1940), American philanthropist Roger McNeice, Australian numismatist, historian and coin collector Vince McNeice (born 1938), English footballer and manager John MacNeice (1866-1942), Church of Ireland bishop, father of the poet Louis Louis MacNeice (1907-1963, poet and playwright, born in Northern Ireland"
Semecarpus travancoricus;"   Semecarpus travancoricus is a species of plant in the family Anacardiaceae native to India and Bangladesh.[1] The specific epithet was originally spelt travancorica.[2] In India, it is found in the southern Western Ghats in South India.[3] It is a tree of evergreen forests and is found only south of the Anamalais at an elevation around 1300 MSL.[citation needed]    This Anacardiaceae article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Accident Analysis & Prevention;" Accident Analysis & Prevention is a bimonthly peer-reviewed public health journal covering accident prevention published by Elsevier on behalf of the Association for the Advancement of Automotive Medicine.  The journal was established in 1969 by Frank Haight (University of California, Irvine).[1] Haight served as editor-in-chief until 2004 when Karl Kim and Rune Elvik became co-editors-in-chief. In 2013, Mohamed Abdel-Aty (University of Central Florida) took over until the end of 2020.[2] He was succeeded in January 2021 by Helai Huang (Central South University).[3]  According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2020 impact factor of 4.993.[4]    This article about a medical journal is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. See tips for writing articles about academic journals. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page. Journal homepage"
Hi'-Neighbor!;" Hi'-Neighbor! is a 1934 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. Produced by Hal Roach and released to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, it was the 126th Our Gang short to be released and Meins' first series entry as director.  While sailing their toy tugboat in a puddle outside their house, Wally and Spanky notice a moving van with a riding toy fire engine passing through the neighborhood. They quickly round up the rest of the gang and follow the moving van to its destination. The owner of the fire truck, a snobbish rich kid named Jerry, comes out to find a dozen strange children playing with his fire engine and shoos them all away, refusing to trade any sorts of collateral (pocket knives, gratitude) for even so little as a ride. Enter Wally's girlfriend Jane, to whom Jerry, however, is quick to offer a ride. Wally tries to dissuade Jane from riding with Jerry by telling her that the gang has a fire engine of its own, big enough for all the gang's members to ride in. Jane accepts Wally's invitation to ride in his (currently non-existent) fire engine after she returns from her ride with Jerry.  Wally, Stymie, and the gang quickly begin building a makeshift fire engine of their own, "borrowing" wheels, hoses, plywood, and other raw materials from around the neighborhood. As the older kids work on the fire engine, little Spanky and Scotty find themselves forced out of the proceedings, and sit on the sidelines giving commentary among themselves on the gang's progress. Unbeknownst to the gang, Jerry sneaks over to the gang's barn with Jane in tow, hoping to prove that the gang does not have a fire engine. He quickly flees in embarrassment, however, when a drill from the other side of the barn door strips him of his pants.  The unwieldy results of their labor fail to impress Jane, whom Jerry successfully coaxes into another ride with him. Undaunted, the gang follows them, and Jerry challenges them to a race to the bottom of a long, steep hill. Not long after the start of the race, the gang's fire engine loses its brake (a 2x4 nailed between the wheels), and Jerry fears that the gang might very well run him over. Halfway down the hill, Jerry bails out of his fire engine into a lawn, leaving Jane alone to crash in the next lot over, in retaliation for being abandoned, Jane activates a water sprinkler that drenches Jerry. While the gang cheers in victory, their fire engine suddenly veers onto the sidewalk, where they knock over several pedestrians and ride straight through a hedge, which tears their clothes and causes them to emerge from the other side in their underwear (except for Spanky, who proceeds to take his clothes off).  Hi-Neighbor! was the first Our Gang film produced after the series' four-month hiatus, necessitated by George "Spanky" McFarland's unavailability. While on loan to Paramount to appear in Miss Fane's Baby Is Stolen (1934), McFarland caught whooping cough, but his parents allowed him to work while sick.[2] As a result, McFarland gave the disease to his juvenile co-star Baby LeRoy, forcing a shutdown in production. As punishment to McFarland's parents, the Los Angeles Board of Education suspended George McFarland's work permit for ninety days, resulting in a four-month gap between the production of Wild Poses in August 1933 and Hi'-Neighbor! in January 1934.[2]  Between Wild Poses and Hi'-Neighbor, several changes were made to the Our Gang company. Producer-director Robert F. McGowan, who had been with the series from its beginnings in 1921, was worn out from the strain of working with child actors and left Hal Roach Studios to direct features at Paramount. He was replaced by Gus Meins, a veteran director who had worked on another series of shorts starring children, the Buster Brown films, during the silent era. Meins' approach would be different from McGowan's, as his films adhered closer to a prepared script with less room for improvisation or unrelated gags.[3]  Also joining Our Gang at this time were several new child actors, in particular Wally Albright, Scotty Beckett, and Jackie Lynn Taylor. Albright, already a veteran actor at age eight, had appeared briefly in the Our Gang short Choo-Choo! in 1932.[4] He would appear in four more Our Gang shorts as the kids' leader in 1934. Four-year-old Beckett made his film debut in Hi'-Neighbor!, and was cast as Spanky's sidekick, a role he would continue in until mid-1935. Taylor appeared in five Our Gang shorts in 1934, Jane Withers was originally cast in her role for Hi'-Neighbor! before Withers backed out to appear in the feature Bright Eyes with Shirley Temple.[3]  March 3, 1934 (1934-03-03) Wally Albright as Wally Matthew Beard as Stymie Scotty Beckett as Scotty Tommy Bond as Tommy George McFarland as Spanky Marvin Strin as Bubbles Tommy Bupp as Our Gang member Donald Proffitt as Our Gang member Pete The Pup as Himself Jackie Lynn Taylor as Jane Jerry Tucker as Jerry, the rich kid Jean Aulbach as Donald's little sister Bobbie Beard as Cotton Harry Bernard as Moonshiner filling crock Charlie Hall as Window-washer Tiny Sandford as First mover Tiny Ward as Jack, second mover Tony Kales as Undetermined role Our Gang filmography"
Netarts Bay;" Netarts Bay is an estuarine bay on the northern Oregon Coast of the U.S. state of Oregon, located about 5 miles (8.0 km) southwest of Tillamook. The unincorporated community of Netarts is located on the north end of the bay and Netarts Bay Shellfish Preserve, managed by Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife, is located on the south side of the bay.[1] The sand spit on the west side of Netarts bay is part of Cape Lookout State Park.  The bay is approximately 5 by 1.5 miles (8.0 by 2.4 km) and totals 2,325 acres (9.41 km2) in area, making it Oregon's seventh largest bay.[2] Of that, 812 acres (3.29 km2) are permanently submerged—the balance of 1,513 acres (6.12 km2) is intertidal land.[2] It experiences a maximum tidal range of 9 feet (3 m).  The bay is part of a watershed of 13 square miles (34 km2)[2] that is fed by at least 16 small creeks. From north to south, there is Fall Creek, Hodgdon Creek, O'Hara Creek, Rice Creek, two unnamed creeks, Yager Creek, three unnamed creeks, Whiskey Creek, an unnamed creek, Austin Creek, two unnamed creeks, and Jackson Creek.[3]  Like other estuaries along the Oregon Coast, Netarts Bay experiences semi-diurnal tides (two high tides and two low tides per day).  At mean low low water (the lower low tide), the bay contains approximately 113 million cubic ft of water.  Contrasting that with that a mean higher high tide volume of approximately 450 million cubic feet, the bay's tidal prism is about 33 million cubic feet.  The tidal range varies between 1.5 and 3 meters[4](5 – 9 feet), which can vary the amount of water (40–90%) flushed out of the estuary during each tidal cycle.  With a mean tidal period of 745 minutes,[5] bay waters turn over, on average, twice a day.  Mixing within the estuary is dependent on local winds and tides.  Horizontal mixing is limited,[4] although vertical mixing is strong.[5] Little to no vertical variations in temperature and salinity prevent density-driven current velocities, indicating that Netarts Bay is a well-mixed estuary.  This has been further corroborated by water quality and dye studies.[5]  Rates of sedimentation average to the bay average nearly 2500 tons annually.[4]  An observed 10% decrease in mean high water volume between 1957 and 1969[5] in conjunction with high sedimentation rates suggests that the bay is gradually filling with sediment over time.[6]  LIDAR data have shown the strong erosional response of the Netarts Littoral Cell (a 14-km long stretch of beach tucked between the neighboring Cape Meares and Cape Lookout Headlands)[7]  to ENSO (El Niño Southern Oscillation) forcing.  During strong El Niño events (e.g. 1997–98), as much as 70,000 cubic meters of sand can be transported.[8]  Waves propagating from the southwest erode the southern portion of the spit and transport sediment northward, resulting in northward movement of the bay inlet.  This erosion-deposition pattern is amplified by rip currents that create erosional "hot spots" along the spit.  Cape Lookout State Park, situated within one of these hotspots, is subject to this intense erosional forcing.[8]  Within the last 5 million years, differential erosion patterns on the neighboring Cape Meares and Cape Lookout headlands formed the embayment in which Netarts Bay now sits.[4]  Sediment cores obtained from within the bay have provided geological evidence for the existence of large, regularly occurring megathrust earthquakes throughout northwestern Oregon and the larger Cascadia Subduction Zone.  Carbon-14 dating of the sediments suggest recurrence rates for these earthquakes to be between 400 and 600 years,[9] and that at least 4 major quakes occurred within the last 3000 years.[10]  Sharp sand-layer contacts in the sediment record (deposited by earthquake-generated tsunami waves) indicate post-quake sinking of the marsh.[11]  This phenomenon, known as coseismic subsidence, provides strong geological evidence for the regular occurrence of major earthquakes occurring within the Cascadia Subduction Zone.[12]  Remnants of fire hearths from Native American settlements along nearby Nehalem and Salmon Rivers provide additional evidence of land subsidence (1–2 meters) resultant from subduction-zone earthquakes.[13]  Olympia oysters are the only native oyster to the West Coast of North America. The establishment of a commercial fishery in the 1860s[14] confirms a historical population within Netarts bay, with evidence of harvesting along the West Coast of North America by humans going back 4000 years.[15] Due to over harvesting, increased consumption, and the export of adult oysters to San Francisco Bay, oyster populations declined in the late 1800s and the commercial fishery collapsed.[16] The last known naturally occurring population of Olympia oysters in Netarts was surveyed in 1954.[17] Subsequent field surveys in 1979 and 1992 did not find any Olympia oysters within the bay.[14] Potential factors preventing population recovery post fishery collapse include: habitat degradation, sedimentation by increased motorized boat use, suffocation by burrowing shrimp, pollution, predation by invasive Japanese oyster drill and parasitism by non-native flat worm[18] After their 1992 survey, Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife began a large scale restoration attempt in Netarts, setting out 9 million spat between 1993-1998.[14] Olympia oyster populations did not return to historical levels, but surveys in 2004 detected low populations of transplanted oysters in the bay.[19][14] Anecdotal observations from residents also suggest small pockets of naturally occurring oysters subsist in the southwest corner of the bay.[19] Juvenile oysters planted on adult oyster shell as substrate demonstrated that Olympia oysters can grow and reproduce in the bay.[19] Small scale, investigative restoration projects run by The Nature Conservancy  were undertaken in 2005 and 2006[19] to rebuild populations of Olympia oysters in Netarts Bay by adding shell cultch with set Olympia oysters to the bay in hopes of increasing settlement substrate and broodstock. Early monitoring of these sites found reproductive tissue and brooded larvae in adults and recruitment of larvae on shell substrate, but monitoring of the site ceased in 2007.[19] Restoration interests are driven by culinary interest in Olympia oysters, the potential economic benefits of a commercial fishery, and the significant ecosystem services that Olympia oysters provide, including filtering the water and providing substrate for other organisms.[19]  Four species of bay clam are also found in Netarts Bay.[1]  The main primary producers of the bay are eelgrass (Zostera marina, a type of seagrass), microscopic diatoms, and sea lettuce (Ulva enteromorpha, a type of macroalgae). Most of these species are found on mudflats, which account for about two-thirds of the total area of Netarts Bay.[20]  Eelgrass beds are found in the intertidal and subtidal mudflats, and biologically interact with oyster beds in a few ways: The pseudofeces and feces of bivalves have been found to fertilize seagrass by increasing bioavailable macronutrients such as ammonium and phosphate in sediments.[21] Bivalves also filter phytoplankton from the water column, a process which reduces water turbidity, allows more light to penetrate through the water column,[22] and reduces the number of epiphytes living on seagrass leaves.[21] Eelgrass is important as food for waterfowl, habitat for juvenile fish, and as physical shapers of the bay.[23] The growing season is from April to October.[23]  Diatoms are found in benthic and pelagic environments of the bay, and also as epiphytes living on other marine plants.[20] There is a total of 336 diatom taxa identified in the bay, 50 of which are planktonic, 123 of which are epiphytic, and 282 of which are benthic (about 111 taxa overlap the epiphytic and benthic categories).[1] Benthic diatom assemblage distributions correspond to sediment type, grain size, and wave energy.[1]  Sea lettuce, a macroalgae otherwise known as green nori, grows usually only in the summer.[20] Seasonal upwelling along the Pacific North American coast has been correlated to increased sea lettuce productivity and decreased eelgrass productivity.[24]  Japanese eelgrass (Zostera japonica) is an introduced species found in bays and estuaries ranging from Oregon to British Columbia, Canada.[25] It was likely brought over by Pacific oyster seed shipments that began in the early 20th century used by commercial shellfisheries along the Pacific northwest coast.[26]  Netarts Bay and sand spit are within the historic territory of the Tillamook Indians, which ranged from Tillamook head in the north to the Nestucca River in the south and from the Pacific Ocean in the west to the Coast Range summit in the east.[27] Cape Lookout State Park contains 13 suspected archaeological sites, including 6 on Netarts sand spit representing at least one and perhaps up to three major villages.[27] Archaeological excavations of Netarts Sandspit Village (35-TI-1) show evidence of a major Tillamook village that was occupied at least three separate times between 1300–1700 A.D.[28][29] Excavations revealed semisubterranean cedar plank structures with single pitched roofs, numerous hearths and fire pits, and middens around all house pits.[13][27][28] The village contained at least 13 house pits[28][29] and may have contained up to 30–40 house pits.[13] It has been described as "the most impressive house pit site on State Park lands along the Oregon Coast."[13]  Numerous artifacts were found during excavation of 35-Ti-1 in the 1950s.[28] Some of the bone and antler objects found include: wedges, adzes, awls, needles, bi-pointed pins, blades, harpoon barbs, chisels, digging stick handles, and bone carvings with faces, perhaps from clubs or wand handles. One house pit included whalebone objects including a 1.5m x 0.3m (~5 ft x 1 ft) seat and a possible whale vertebrae seat surrounded by fire pits.[28] Numerous stone artifacts were also found at the site, including: projectile points, blades, scrapers, gravers, core choppers, modified flakes, double pitted cobbles, hammerstones, and whetstones.[28] The most recent occupation layer also contained trade goods including: rusted iron (perhaps knife blades), a copper pendant, and many sherds of Chinese porcelain.[13][28]  Closer examination of the middens surrounding major house pits identified middens that were up to 1.3m deep, and in some cases over 2m deep.[30] Over 67,000 vertebrate specimens, in total, of at least 59 species have been recovered from test pits at the site including bones from birds, fish, shellfish, sea lions, sea otters, seals, porpoises, whales, elk, deer, and beavers.[28][29][30] Initial attempts to describe midden composition determined a rough 50:50 split between shells of blue clams and cockles, with butter clams and bent-nosed clams making up the rest.[28] However, future investigations found over 14,000 Dungeness crab fragments in roughly 4m3 of excavated midden sediment.[30] It was determined that Native Americans harvested a large size range of Dungeness crabs, including many juvenile crabs, from the bay. It is suspected crabs were collected along with cockles using a rake-like tool during low tide.[30] It seems all major shellfish species found in the middens could be harvested throughout the course of a tidal cycle.[30]  It is suspected that contact between Europeans and Indians became more numerous and consistent in the late 1700s.[28] By the time Lewis & Clark arrived in 1806, Indians had firearms and metal implements.[28] The first European settlers arrived in Netarts Bay in 1865, and records suggest native Olympia oysters were abundant in the bay. In fact, there are indications oyster harvests by European settlers began as early as 1868 and that at least some of these oysters were exported to San Francisco.[31] Historic accounts indicate a shanty town, named Oysterville, was present in the bay during this time, and the bay was sometimes called "Oyster Bay."[31] By 1903 virtually all shore line of the spit was claimed and occupied.[27] Despite early claims, residential use of Netarts sand spit had mostly disappeared by 1920 and subsequent growth concentrated in Netarts along the northeast bay.[31] A commercial oyster cultivating industry was present from 1930-1957, however, the accidental introduction of the Japanese oyster drill led to the collapse of this industry in 1957.[31]  The oyster industry along the West Coast of North America relies almost exclusively on the Pacific Oyster, Crassostrea gigas. There are only three locations on the West Coast of North America where natural recruitment of C. gigas takes place: Willapa Bay, WA, Hood Canal WA, and British Columbia, Canada.[32] Recruitment elsewhere is limited by cold water temperatures that inhibit spawning[32] and low residence time of water that flushes out larvae,[33] making the oyster industry dependent on hatcheries to raise larvae. Whiskey Creek Shellfish Hatchery, located in Netarts Bay, is one of the largest providers of larvae for the industry.[34] In the late summer of 2007, the hatchery saw massive die offs in larvae, resulting in zero production for multiple months on end.[34] Similar die offs and production failures occurred at other Pacific Northwest hatcheries and oyster farms.[35][36][37][38] Water samples from Whiskey Creek Shellfish Hatchery tested positive for a bacterium, Vibrio tubiashii, and this pathogen was suspected to be the cause of the mortality.[34] However, after installing a new system to clean the water, another round of die-offs occurred.[34]  Researchers from Oregon State University and Hatchery employees were able to work together to make the connection between early larval mortality and upwelling conditions that negatively impacted the entire west coast  shellfish industry.[39][40] Using Hatchery records of larval performance and monitoring of incoming tidal water from Netarts Bay, low aragonite saturation states at the time of spawning were correlated with the high levels of larval mortality that heavily reduced hatchery production and negatively impacted the west coast oyster industry[39] Further research from OSU, supported by Whiskey Creek, helped to identify the first 48 hours of larval life, in which the initial shell is built, as a window of vulnerability to ocean acidification due to the rapid rate of calcification and limited energetic budget.[41] Experiments decoupling PCO2, pH demonstrated that aragonite saturation has the greatest impact on shell development of early bivalve larvae.[42] These conclusions supported buffering of incoming water and chemical monitoring approach used by Whiskey Creek Hatchery to improve survival of larval oysters.[42][39] Research at Whiskey Creek Hatchery contributed to the body of knowledge around ocean acidification and the immediate impacts it has on calcifying organisms.[40]  Real-time water quality monitoring systems now exist to help shellfish farmers, scientists, and others invested in oyster aquaculture track changes in aragonite saturation state, pCO2 and pH.[43]  An online portal with this information was funded by the U.S. Integrated Ocean Observing System (IOOS), and regional ocean observing systems continuously contribute to the data stream.[44]   One such regional system, the Northwest Association of Networked Ocean Observing Systems (NANOOS),[45] aims to develop predictive data products for use by local and national stakeholders in shellfish aquaculture, as well as the general public.[46]  Water quality data are provided by analytical gas monitoring systems known as "burkolators," named for the OSU researcher who invented them, Dr. Burke Hales.  Burkolators resolve PCO2 and TCO2 (total dissolved carbon dioxide) measurements within water samples at high spatial resolution, allowing for accurate calculations of total alkalinity.[47]  Initially implemented as a scientific tool, burkolators are now used at 5 shellfish hatcheries along the U.S. West Coast to monitor incoming water quality.[43]  Live feeds of burkolator data at the hatcheries can be found on the NANOOS website.[48]  Most shellfish growers have observed effects of ocean acidification on their businesses. In a survey of 86 shellfish growers located in California, Oregon, and Washington, 85% identified ocean acidification as a problem affecting them today, and 95% identified ocean acidification as a problem that will affect future generations.[49] Bivalve larvae are generally more susceptible than adult bivalves to decreased pH and saturation states,[50] so early stages of oyster seeding may be more vulnerable the bioenergetic stress of ocean acidification. Spatial and temporal variations in ocean chemistry require continual adaptation,[39] and shellfish growers are subject to greater uncertainty in the face of climate change.  Coordinates: 45°24′09″N 123°56′40″W﻿ / ﻿45.40250°N 123.94444°W﻿ / 45.40250, -123.94444 "
Frank Mill;"   Frank Mill (born 23 July 1958) is a German former professional footballer[1] who was a member of the 1990 FIFA World Cup winning squad of West Germany. Further, he participated at the 1984 and at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where he won the bronze medal with the West German team.  The son of a junk dealer,[2]  Mill began his career at the age of six at local side Eintracht Essen before joining the youth ranks of Essen's biggest club, Rot-Weiss Essen, in 1972. Starting job training to become a florist (his mother owned a flower shop), Mill signed his first professional contract with Rot-Weiss in 1976. Essen was a Bundesliga side in his debut season, a campaign in which his three goals (in a total of 19 appearances) couldn't prevent the team from dropping down to 2. Bundesliga North. In that division he grew to become a reliable hitman, scoring 71 goals for Rot-Weiss (at times alongside Horst Hrubesch) over the next four seasons, forty of those in just 38 appearances during 1979–80. This tally made him the top goalscorer of 2. Bundesliga Nord, making him a prime target for a transfer, and in 1981 he was to return to the Bundesliga upon being signed by Jupp Heynckes of Borussia Mönchengladbach.  At Mönchengladbach he kept on scoring, netting fourteen goals in his first year under contract. Only eight months into his life at Bökelberg he was called up by Jupp Derwall to represent West Germany for the first time in his career. On 21 March 1982, he featured in a friendly against Brazil in Rio de Janeiro.[3] A back injury forced him out of the West German squad for the 1982 FIFA World Cup tournament, and also hampered his scoring abilities during the next season. In 1983–84 he recaptured his place as Mönchengladbach's top scorer, firing nineteen goals past opposing goalkeepers that season. Missing out on the Bundesliga title on the final day (and only on goal difference) to VfB Stuttgart, Mönchengladbach then had to deal with a second major blow, as the team also lost the DFB-Pokal final on penalties against Bayern Munich (with his Bayern Munich-bound team-mate Lothar Matthäus failing to score from the spot in the shoot-out). Mill scored the only Mönchengladbach goal in normal time during that match.  Later that summer Mill participated in the 1984 Summer Olympics, and he was still Borussia Mönchengladbach's best striker when fellow Bundesliga side Borussia Dortmund persuaded him to switch over to them at the end of the 1985–86 Bundesliga season.[2] Although Mönchengladbach was receiving adequate compensation (1.3 million DM) for his services, the move remained somewhat in the balance for a couple of weeks as Dortmund had to first go through three relegation play-offs to ensure their Bundesliga future. Once signed, however, Mill inspired Dortmund to a less troubled 1986–87 season, the striker's seventeen goals in 31 appearances helping Dortmund up to a fourth-place finish and a berth in the UEFA Cup the following season – although he had to suffer enduring mocking for failing to score from an open goal against Bayern Munich on the opening day.[2] His scoring punch made him a popular figure at Westfalenstadion immediately, subsequently earning him the role of team captain. Outside of his club, he was part of the host nation's squad at Euro 1988. Increasingly popular and seen as a role model, a disagreement over Mill's captaincy and his role within the Dortmund squad between the club's chairman, Dr. Gerd Niebaum, and manager, Reinhard Saftig, resulted in the latter being replaced by Horst Köppel, leaving no doubt that the chairman's view regarding Mill's role had prevailed.  Mill looked a bit out of form after Köppel's take over: although he had won bronze with Germany at the 1988 Summer Olympics, his once impressive scoring quota had begun to fade. Still, he remained an important player for his club and was part of the Dortmund team that lifted the DFB-Pokal trophy in 1989, beating favourites Werder Bremen in the final.[2] At that time Mill was kind of an ageing marksman, but in 1990 Franz Beckenbauer rewarded his durability with a place in the West German squad for the 1990 World Cup. However, with proven goalscorer Rudi Völler and youngsters Jürgen Klinsmann and Karlheinz Riedle all well in front of him in Beckenbauer's thoughts, he remained the unused fourth-choice striker during those successful weeks in Italy.[2]  At club level Mill's fading punch in front of the goal saw him go through a transformation from scorer to assist winner, but this still couldn't prevent him from being forced out to the fringes of the Borussia Dortmund first-team. In 1991, Köppel departed as manager and his successor, Ottmar Hitzfeld, started to set his stamp on the development of the club. With Stephane Chapuisat and Flemming Povlsen Hitzfeld's regular picks in the Dortmund frontline, Mill was usually placed in a sub-role and, at the end of Hitzfeld's debut season in charge of the club, 1991–92, missed out on the Bundesliga title again - for the second time in his career and in almost identical circumstances: on goal difference and due to final day action, with VfB Stuttgart finishing as champions. They entered the UEFA Cup and reached the final, losing to Juventus.  Still a fan favourite at Westfalenstadion, Mill saw out his deal with the club in 1994 to join promoted Fortuna Düsseldorf in the 2nd Bundesliga. There he enjoyed two more seasons in the game, scoring five times in his first season at Rheinstadion, efforts that helped Fortuna return to the Bundesliga. His final twelve months as a professional, during the 1995–96 season, saw him esperience a bright start with two goals in the first three matches. He couldn't add any more in his next 26 appearances for Düsseldorf, however, and his final Bundesliga totals were 123 goals in 387 appearances for Borussia Mönchengladbach, Borussia Dortmund and Fortuna Düsseldorf.[4]  Shortly after the end of his career, Fortuna Düsseldorf offered him a role as a director in their management, a role he later left by mutual consent following a lack of success.  Borussia Mönchengladbach  Borussia Dortmund  West Germany  DFB-Pokal: Runner-up 1983–84 DFB-Pokal: 1988–89 UEFA Cup: Runner-up 1992–93 World Cup: 1990 Olympics: Bronze Medal: 1988"
1389 in Norway;" ←  →  Events in the year 1389 in Norway.    This year in Norway article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. 1388 1387 1386   1390 1391 1392   12th 13th 14th 15th 16th      Monarch: Eric III (along with Margaret) 8 September - Eric III becomes king of Norway.[1]"
Lygodactylus pauliani;"   Lygodactylus pauliani is a species of gecko, a lizard in the family Gekkonidae. The species is endemic to Madagascar.[2]  The specific name, pauliani, is in honor of French entomologist Renaud Paulian.[3]  L. pauliani is found in southeastern Madagascar. The holotype was collected at an elevation of 1,100 m (3,600 ft).[2]  The natural habitats of L. pauliani are forest, grassland, rocky areas, and shrubland.[1]  L. pauliani is oviparous.[2]  This article about a Lygodactylus is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Ichneutica paracausta;"   Ichneutica paracausta is a moth of the family Noctuidae.[1] This species is endemic to New Zealand. It is found locally in the central North Island, is widespread in the South Island and can also be found in Stewart Island. I. paracausta is variable in colour, but as it has a distinctive black streak on its forewing as well as a wing pattern that is characteristic, I. paracausta is unlikely to be confused with other species. It is present on the North Island volcanic plateau as well as Little Bush Reserve in Hawkes Bay in the North Island as well as in tussock grassland, alpine and subalpine shrubland and in alpine forest. Larvae have been recorded as feeding on grasses, a pupa has been found in a cocoon under the bark of a tree and adult moths are on the wing from October to January.  This species was first described by Edward Meyrick in 1887 using two specimens collected at Castle Hill by John Davies Enys.[3] Meyrick originally named the species Mamestra paracausta.[3] The lectotype is held at the Canterbury Museum.[2] In 1988 J. S. Dugdale, in his catalogue on New Zealand lepidopera, placed this species within the Graphania genus.[4] In 2019 Robert Hoare undertook a major review of New Zealand Noctuidae species.[2] During this review the genus Ichneutica was greatly expanded and the genus Graphania was subsumed into that genus as a synonym.[2] As a result of this review, this species is now known as Ichneutica paracausta.[2]  Alfred Philpott described the larva of this species as follows:  Length, 13 lines , dull whitish, dorsal line of indistinct darker colour, subdorsal very faint, lateral stripe more pronounced, many minute specks of colour, head pale-brownish, with darker markings, dorsal surface of first thoracic segment darker.[5] Meyrick described the adult of this species as follows:  Male, female. — 37 mm. Head whitish, mixed with reddish-ochreous above, with two blackish transverse lines on face. Palpi whitish, externally somewhat mixed with reddish-ochreous and black. Antennae whitish, in male moderately pectinated. Thorax and abdomen grey mixed with white and black, collar mixed with reddish-ochreous, and with a transverse blackish line, outer edge of patagia blackish. Legs ochreous-whitish, suffusedly mixed with blackish. Forewings moderately dilated, costa slightly sinuate, apex obtuse, hindmargin waved, rather oblique, rounded beneath , pale ochreous, towards costa irrorated with dark fuscous and whitish, in female more whitish , lines slender, dentate, obscure, dark fuscous , first anteriorly whitish-margined, second posteriorly white-margined on lower half , spots hardly perceptible , a slender black sinuate streak from base to middle, margined beneath rather broadly with dark ochreous-brown to first line, terminating beneath a rather broad posteriorly dilated dark ochreous-brown discal patch extending from first to second line, between which and inner margin the ground-colour is irrorated with white , the discal dark patch is continued beyond second line to hindmargin, where it is dilated and extends over lower 3⁄4, becoming blackish-fuscous, cut on veins 3 and 4 by light streaks terminating in whitish arrow-headed spots extending into cilia, and containing a double whitish mark on anal angle : cilia pale ochreous mixed with whitish and dark fuscous. Hindwings dark grey mixed with white , an irregular obscurely marked darker post-median line , a dark fuscous interrupted hind-marginal line , cilia whitish mixed with grey.[3] The wingspan of the adult male of I. paracausta is between 33 and 38 mm and the female wingspan is between 36 and 42 mm.[2] This species is variable in colour, but as it has a distinctive black streak on its forewing as well as a wing pattern that is characteristic, I. paracausta is unlikely to be confused with other species.[2]  This species is endemic to New Zealand.[6] I. paracausta is found locally in the central North Island, is widespread in the South Island and can also be found in Stewart Island.[2] I. paracausta can be found down to sea level in Southland.[2]  This species is known from the North Island volcanic plateau as well as in Little Bush Reserve in the Hawkes Bay as well as in tussock grassland, alpine and subalpine shrubland and in alpine forest in the South Island.    This species is on the wing from October to January.[2]  Knowledge about the life history of this species needs to be increased.[2] Larvae have been recorded as feeding on various grasses.[2] Pupa have been found in a slight cocoon under the bark of a tree.[5]  Mamestra paracausta Meyrick, 1887  Graphania paracausta (Meyrick, 1887)  Melanchra paracausta (Meyrick, 1887) "
Great America;" Great America may refer to:  One of two American amusement parks originally built and operated by the Marriott Corporation in 1976, themed to America and America's history: California's Great America, Santa Clara, California, now owned by Cedar Fair Great America (VTA), a light rail station near this park Santa Clara – Great America station, an Amtrak station near this park Six Flags Great America, Gurnee, Illinois, now owned by Six Flags Marriott's Great America (Maryland–Virginia), originally planned as the flagship park for the Great America chain but cancelled in 1980 following opposition from local residents California's Great America, Santa Clara, California, now owned by Cedar Fair Great America (VTA), a light rail station near this park Santa Clara – Great America station, an Amtrak station near this park Great America (VTA), a light rail station near this park Santa Clara – Great America station, an Amtrak station near this park Six Flags Great America, Gurnee, Illinois, now owned by Six Flags Marriott's Great America (Maryland–Virginia), originally planned as the flagship park for the Great America chain but cancelled in 1980 following opposition from local residents Great America (painting), a 1994 painting by Kerry James Marshall Great American (disambiguation)"
Maksym Melnychuk;" Maksym Melnychuk (Ukrainian: Максим Олександрович Мельничук, born 18 September 1999) is a Ukrainian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Vorskla Poltava in the Ukrainian Premier League.  Melnychuk is a product of the RVUFK and Dynamo Kyiv youth sportive schools.  In July 2018 he continued his career in the Ukrainian Premier League Reserves club FC Vorskla Poltava. And in September 2019 Melnychuk was promoted to the main-squad team of FC Vorskla in the Ukrainian Premier League. He made his debut as a start-squad player for Vorskla Poltava in the Ukrainian Premier League in a losing match against FC Olimpik Donetsk on 20 October 2019.[1]  During 2014–2015 he was called up for the youth national representation under 16.[2]      This biographical article related to a Ukrainian association football defender born in the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Eoginkgoites;"   Eoginkgoites is an extinct form genus of bennettitalean leaves from the Late Triassic of North America.[1][2] Despite its palmate (hand-shaped) appearance similar to some early gingko species, it belongs to a different gymnosperm order, the Bennettitales. The leaf is deeply segmented into five to seven narrow, club-shaped lobes (pinnae or leaflets) which twist around a very short rhachis. This leads to an overall fan-shaped leaf (similar to a ginkgo but much more strongly segmented) situated at the end of a long petiole (leaf stalk). The leaf has paracytic stomata (with subsidiary cells laterally flanking the guard cells) and veins which strongly branch and lead to a marginal vein at the edge of each leaflet. These structural traits are all shared with benettitaleans.[1][2] Williamsonia carolinensis, an ovule-bearing bennettitalean cone, has been found closely associated with Eoginkgoites leaves, seemingly confirming its benettitalean identity.[3]    This article related to a Triassic plant is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. E. davidsonii E. gigantea E. sectoralis E. sydneyi"
Anastaseos tou Kyriou;" Anastaseos tou Kyriou (Greek: Αναστάσεως του Κυρίου, English: Resurrection of Lord) is a public cemetery in Thessaloniki, Greece.[1] It is located about 10 km East from the center of Thessaloniki and belongs to the Municipality of Pylaia. It is divided in two parts (left and right) and in the middle there is a Greek Orthodox church as well as small funeral rooms.  Coordinates: 40°34′55″N 22°59′13″E﻿ / ﻿40.582°N 22.987°E﻿ / 40.582, 22.987    This Greece location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This article about a cemetery in Europe is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Hyphilaria parthenis;"   Hyphilaria parthenis is a butterfly of the family Riodinidae. It is found in low altitude areas of the Neotropical realm, from Panama to southern Brazil.  The wingspan is about 25 mm. There is sexual dimorphism. Males have an orange base colour, while the base colour for females is white.    This Riodinidae-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Baeotis parthenis Westwood, 1851 Baeotis parthenis Doubleday, 1847 (nom. nud.) Baeotis cydias Doubleday, 1847 (nom. nud.) Baeotis cydias Westwood, 1851 Baeotis barissus Hewitson, 1875 Hyphilaria parthenis tigrinella Stichel, 1909 Hyphilaria parthenis virgatula Stichel, 1909 Tolweb Wikidata: Q3007940 BOLD: 256902 CoL: 3NS3B EoL: 241960 GBIF: 1934256 iNaturalist: 565167 IRMNG: 10653098 LepIndex: 191507 NCBI: 1108590 v t e"
Tahlonteeskee (Cherokee chief);" Tahlonteeskee (or "'Talotisky' '") was a Principal Chief of the first Cherokee Nation, and one of the "Old Settlers" of the Cherokee Nation–West.  Tahlonteeskee was a Cherokee headman of Cayoka town, on Hiawassee Island (in modern-day Hamilton County, Tennessee). Following the decision he and Chief Doublehead made to sign over large parcels of traditional Cherokee hunting grounds to the United States in 1805, they found themselves considered by many Cherokee to be traitors.[1]    After Doublehead was assassinated in 1807 for his part in the land transfer, Tahlonteeskee emigrated into the west in 1809, one of the first of the "Old Settlers" of the new Cherokee Nation then being established in the Arkansaw Territory.  He was the son of Tahlonteeskee "Aaron Price" Bloody Fellow and Wurteh Betsy Watts, who was the mother of Chief John Jolly Due, Chief Robert "the Bench" Benge, and Sequoyah George Gist.    Tahlonteeskee became the third Principal Chief of the Cherokee Nation -West in 1817 (succeeding Takatoka), and served until his death in 1819, when he in turn was succeeded by his brother, John Jolly.[1]  He was the first western chief to allow Christianity to be taught to the Cherokee, and permitted missionaries to establish Dwight Mission in the Nation's holdings in the Arkansaw, before the Federal Government forced the Old Settlers even further west, into the area of the future Indian Territory.[1]  According to the Cherokee genealogist, Dr. Emmet Starr, the alternative spelling of his name, "Talotisky," was possibly an alliterative spelling of Tahlonteeskee (since at that time there was not yet a uniform system of writing Cherokee sounds into English).  He was the older brother (or possibly a half-brother) of John Jolly.  Tahlonteeskee married Jennie Lowrey, sister of Assistant Principal Chief George Lowrey.  Lowery may have been a cousin of Sequoyah.  Lowery's wife was Lucy Benge, a half-sister of Sequoyah.  Lucy was the sister of Chickamauga warrior, Bob Benge (often referred to as 'Captain' Bench), whose uncle was John Watts (or 'Young Tassel').[2]  Tahlonteeskee, Oklahoma, the first capital city of the early western Cherokee Nation, was named for him.[1]  The town acted in that capacity from 1828 through 1839, when the new capitol building was completed in Tahlequah, Oklahoma, and the seat of government moved there.  It is the oldest governmental capital in Oklahoma.[3] "
Hyacinth (Bichurin);" Nikita Yakovlevich Bichurin (Никита Яковлевич Бичурин) (29 August 1777 – 11 May 1853, St. Petersburg), better known under his archimandrite monastic name Hyacinth (sometimes rendered as Joacinth), or Iakinf (Иакинф), was one of the founding fathers of Russian Sinology. He translated many works from Chinese into Russian, which were then translated into other European languages.[1]  Bichurin was born in Akulevo to a Russian half-Chuvash priest named Iakov and Russian mother Akulina Stepanova. He studied at a church choir school in Sviiazhsk and later at the Kazan Theological Seminary.[2][3] He also studied Latin, Greek and French and his abilities were noticed by Archbishop Amvrosij Podobedov of the Russian Orthodox Church.  He taught in Kazan Theological Seminary from 1799 and was anointed a monk in 1800 with the name of Iakinf  or Hyacinth and tonsured, sent to promote Christianity in Beijing, where he spent the next 14 years. The genuine objects of his interest were Chinese history and language. He was forthwith accused of lacking religious zeal, and when he appeared in Irkutsk with his lover Natalia Petrova, some of his students reported him. Complaints over other behaviours considered inappropriate for a priest kept coming.  After several changes in the Russian orthodox mission, the Synod declared Bichurin guilty on 4 September 1823, stripped him of his  archimandrite monk rank and incarcerated him for life in the Valaam Monastery. Here he translated a number of ancient and medieval Chinese manuscripts, which had previously been unknown in Europe. In succeeding decades he published many volumes on Chinese and Mongolian history, geography, religion (including pioneering the study of Chinese Islam),[4] statistics, and agriculture. After the death of Tsar Alexander I and the rise of Nikolai I in 1825, some of Bichurin's friends helped obtain a royal pardon. They also suggested a position for him as an interpreter in the Foreign Ministry. Bichurin then moved to take up a position in St Petersburg. He was elected as a corresponding member of the Academy of Sciences in 1828 and also became an emeritus librarian at the Petersburg Public Library. In the same year he published a "Description of Tibet in the Modern Age". He continued to clash with the church authorities and refused promotions. Tsar Nikolai I intervened in 1832 and forbade him from refusing promotions and ordered him to live in the Alexander Nevskii monastery.[5]  It was Bichurin who came up with the idea for the name East Turkestan to replace the term "Chinese Turkestan" in 1829.[6] In 1835, he was awarded the Demidov Prize.  In 1837 he opened the first Chinese-language school in the Russian Empire in Kyakhta which helped improve trade between Russia and China. One of his students was Mikhail Shevelev, a tea trader and shipping entrepreneur. For his sinological contributions, he was elected to the Russian, German, and French Academies of Sciences.  Chinese Orthodox Church"
East Pennsboro Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania;" East Pennsboro Township is a township in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 20,228 at the 2010 census,[4] up from 18,254 at the 2000 census. East Pennsboro is the second most populous municipality in Cumberland County. The township is located along the western banks of the Susquehanna River, across from Harrisburg. There are many large corporations based in East Pennsboro Township that use the Camp Hill postal address, including the Rite Aid Corporation and Gannett Fleming.  The township is in the northeast corner of Cumberland County, bordered to the east by the Susquehanna River, which separates it from Dauphin County. The township's natural northern boundary is the crest of Blue Mountain, which separates it from Perry County. U.S. Route 11/U.S. Route 15 parallels the Susquehanna as the main north-to-south route in the township, and east-to-west Pennsylvania Route 944 meets it in West Fairview. Interstate 81 crosses its northern tier and interchanges with US 11/US 15 in Summerdale. Other local roads of note are Center Street/East Penn Drive, North Enola Drive, Salt Road, and Valley Road. Conodoguinet Creek makes several large bends across the southern part of the township before entering the Susquehanna between West Fairview and Wormleysburg.  According to the United States Census Bureau, the township has a total area of 10.7 square miles (27.7 km2), of which 10.4 square miles (26.9 km2) is land and 0.3 square miles (0.8 km2), or 2.90%, is water.[4]  Unincorporated communities and census-designated places in East Pennsboro Township:  East Pennsboro has a hot-summer humid continental climate (Dfa) and the hardiness zones are 7a and 6b. Average monthly temperatures in West Fairview range from 30.2 °F in January to 75.2 °F in July. [1] The average annual absolute minimum temperature in West Fairview is 0.3 °F. [2]  As of the census[5] of 2000, there were 18,254 people, 7,475 households, and 4,970 families residing in the township.  The population density was 1,673.9 people per square mile (646.0/km2).  There were 7,804 housing units at an average density of 715.6/sq mi (276.2/km2).  The racial makeup of the township was 93.74% White, 1.47% African American, 0.14% Native American, 2.53% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.64% from other races, and 1.46% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.54% of the population.  There were 7,475 households, out of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.7% were married couples living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.5% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.91.  In the township the population was spread out, with 22.7% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 31.5% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 13.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.7 males.  The median income for a household in the township was $44,473, and the median income for a family was $54,142. Males had a median income of $36,732 versus $27,542 for females. The per capita income for the township was $22,517.  About 3.9% of families and 6.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 7.3% of those under age 18 and 9.6% of those age 65 or over.  East Pennsboro Township is served by the East Pennsboro Area School District. In addition, the Central Pennsylvania College is located in East Pennsboro Township.  Annually, the township hosts a fair called Pumpkinfest in the fall. In June of each year, the East Pennsboro Emergency Services hosts a carnival  Coordinates: 40°14′59″N 76°56′29″W﻿ / ﻿40.24972°N 76.94139°W﻿ / 40.24972, -76.94139  Enola Summerdale West Enola West Fairview Hampden Township (west) Camp Hill (south) Lemoyne (southeast) Wormleysburg (southeast) Harrisburg, Dauphin County (east) Susquehanna Township, Dauphin County (northeast) Marysville, Perry County (north) Rye Township, Perry County (north)"
Estádio Carlos de Alencar Pinto;"   The Estádio Carlos de Alencar Pinto, better known as Vovozão, is a football stadium located in Fortaleza, Ceará, Brazil. It is currently used mostly for training and is the home stadium of Ceará Sporting Club.  Coordinates: 3°44′47″S 38°32′43″W﻿ / ﻿3.74639°S 38.54528°W﻿ / -3.74639, -38.54528    This article about a sports venue in Brazil is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Boxing in the 2010s;"   Boxing in the 2010s includes notable events about boxing which occurred between 2010 to 2019. The decade saw high intensity action in the welterweight division. The match between veterans Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Manny Pacquiao broke PPV records.[1][2][3][4] The broadcast of the fight in the Philippines was watched by nearly half the country's households. Mayweather retired at a record 50-0-0 while Pacquiao became the first eight division champion. The middleweight division saw immense action in the later years of the decade. After a draw in 2017, Canelo Alvarez ended Gennady Golovkin's long reign in 2018. The heavyweight division was dominated by Klitschko brothers before Wladimir's loss to Tyson Fury in 2015. Other talents that emerged were Anthony Joshua, Deontay Wilder and undisputed cruiserweight champion Oleksander Usyk.  January  February  March  April  May  June  July  August  September  October  November  December  January  February  March  April  May  June  July  August  September  October  November  at the 2017-18 World Boxing Super Series - cruiserweight division  January 8 – Roman Karmazin knocks out Dionisio Miranda in the 10th round as part of an IBF middleweight title eliminator. This fight was later named the best middleweight fight of 2010 by Ring magazine. January 12 – Jermain Taylor withdraws from the Super Six World Boxing Classic, citing a need to reevaluate his career. Allan Green was made Taylor's replacement in the tournament. January 23 – Juan Manuel López knocks out Steven Luevano in the seventh round to become the WBO featherweight champion. This was López's debut at featherweight after vacating his former WBO junior featherweight title. The fight was Luevano's sixth attempt at defending the title. February 5 – Glen Johnson, at 41 years of age, knocks out Yusaf Mack – ranked as one of top ten light heavyweights in the world – in the sixth round. February 13 – Nonito Donaire knocks out Manuel Vargas in the third round to defend his interim WBA world super flyweight title. March 13 – Manny Pacquiao defeats Joshua Clottey, controlling the fight from start to finish and winning by unanimous decision. This was the first boxing match held at Cowboys Stadium in Arlington, Texas, drawing more than 41,000 people. This was Pacquiao's first defense of his newly awarded WBO welterweight title. March 20 – Wladimir Klitschko knocks out Eddie Chambers with a fierce left to the temple with five seconds left in the fight. Chambers was knocked out nearly instantly, collapsing to the canvas and hanging off the last rope. This was Klitschko's first defense of his Ring magazine heavyweight title, his fourth defense of his WBO heavyweight title, and his eighth defense of his IBF and IBO heavyweight titles. March 27 – Arthur Abraham is disqualified in the 11th round, to lose to Andre Dirrell. In the fourth round, Abraham was down for the first time in his career, and he was cut over the right eyebrow in the seventh round. The fight was part of the second-group stage of the Super Six World Boxing Classic. March 27 – Erik Morales comes out of a nearly 32-month retirement to defeat José Alfaro by unanimous decision and win the WBC international welterweight title. March 27 – Pongsaklek Wonjongkam defeats Kōki Kameda by majority decision to win the WBC flyweight title and vacant Ring magazine flyweight title. This is the second time Wonjongkam has become the WBC flyweight champion, first winning the title in March 2001. Wonjongkam had defended the title 17 times before losing to Daisuke Naito in July 2007. This fight is later named the best flyweight fight of 2010 by Ring magazine. March 27 – In the co-main event of Wonjongkam/Kameda, Oleydong Sithsamerchai defeats Yasutaka Kuroki by a unanimous decision to retain his WBC strawweight title for the sixth time. This fight was later named the best strawweight fight of 2010 by Ring magazine. April 3 – Bernard Hopkins defeats Roy Jones Jr. by unanimous decision in a rematch of their May 1993 fight, in which Jones Jr. won the vacant IBF middleweight title. The fight itself got little attention from the boxing media, even though it had been anticipated for many years in the boxing community. Following the rematch, the fight was widely criticized for its heavy use of illegal blows and a skirmish at the end of the sixth round.[citation needed] April 3 – David Haye stops John Ruiz in the ninth round after knocking him down four times. This was Haye's first mandatory defense of his newly awarded WBA heavyweight title. April 10 – Evander Holyfield, at 47 years of age, knocks out Francois Botha in the eighth round to win the World Boxing Federation heavyweight title. April 10 – Andre Berto defeats Carlos Quintana via referee stoppage in the eighth round to retain his WBC welterweight title for the fourth time. This was Berto's first fight since taking a brief hiatus for nearly a year to help in earthquake relief efforts in Haiti as well as to handle personal and family losses from the earthquake. During the fight, Berto injured his left biceps. April 10 – Arthur Mercante dies at the age of 90. April 17 – Lucian Bute knocks out Edison Miranda with a hard left uppercut in the third round. This was Bute's fifth defense of his IBF super middleweight title. April 17 – Kelly Pavlik losses to Sergio Martínez in a close fight for Pavlik's WBC, WBO, and Ring magazine middleweight titles. Martínez controlled the early rounds with quick in and out movements, refusing to heavily engage with Pavlik. Martínez managed to cut Pavlik's left eyebrow in the first round. Pavlik then started to mount a comeback in the middle rounds by blocking Martínez's punches more effectively. Pavlik spent most of his time headhunting trying to land a hard right, which did help Pavlik get a knockdown in the seventh round. In the late rounds Martínez came back and started to open up Pavlik's cuts more, making his face extremely blood. In the post fight interview Pavlik said he couldn't see due to the blood. Martínez ended up winning the fight with a unanimous decision. April 19 – Edwin Valero commits suicide at the age of 28. On April 18, Valero was detained on suspicion of killing his 24-year-old wife. The following day, he was found dead in his prison cell, with a picture of his family in his mouth, having hanged himself using the denim pants he was wearing. Valero, who had two occasions where allegations of assault were placed on him in 2009 and 2010 was a subject of some inquiry on his mental health following a motorcycle crash he suffered in 2001. April 24 – Mikkel Kessler upsets Carl Froch by a unanimous decision to win Froch's WBC super middleweight title. The fight was part of the second-group stage of the Super Six World Boxing Classic. Following the fight, Froch complained about a judging bias, seeing how the fight was held in Kessler's country of origin, Denmark. This fight was later named the best super middleweight fight of 2010 by Ring magazine. April 24 – Tomasz Adamek defeats Chris Arreola by a majority decision. Arreola had his moments and held his own throughout the fight however Adamek had landed more clean punches and accurate combinations throughout the fight. This was Adamek's second defense of his IBF international heavyweight title. This fight was later named the best heavyweight fight of 2010 by Ring magazine. April 30 – In a stunning upset, Fernando Montiel knocks out Hozumi Hasegawa, ending his five-year, 10 title defense streak and taking his WBC bantamweight title. The knockout came as a surprise due to Hasegawa seeming to be clearly leading until the end of the fourth, when Montiel landed a left that stunned Hasegawa and pushed him back to the ropes, where he unloaded until the referee stopped the fight. May 1 – Floyd Mayweather Jr. defeats Shane Mosley to continue his undefeated career streak. Mosley came out strong for the first two rounds—at one point making Mayweather's knees buckle—but Mayweather went on to control the fight. May 8 – In a brief fight between Paul Williams and Kermit Cintrón, Cintrón falls out of the ring and is forced by doctors to stop fighting, giving Williams a win by technical decision. May 8 – Making his comeback after roughly 15½ months of being suspended, Antonio Margarito defeated Roberto Garcia to win the vacant WBC international super welterweight title. May 8 – In a rematch of a 2009 fight, Hugo Cázares defeated Nobuo Nashiro to win the WBA world super flyweight title. This fight is later named the best super flyweight fight of 2010 by Ring magazine. May 13 – Manny Pacquiao is officially proclaimed congressman of the lone district of Sarangani. May 15 – Amir Khan dominates Paul Malignaggi to win by TKO in the eleventh round and retain his WBA light welterweight title for the second time. This was Khan's debut in the United States. May 22 – In their fourth fight against each other Rafael Márquez evens the series to two wins for each man by stopping Israel Vázquez by TKO in the third round. May 29 – The WBO decides to strip Sergio Martínez of his middleweight title due to his unclear decision of what weight class he wants to fight in (160lbs or 154lbs). According to WBO bylaws no WBO champion may hold a non-WBO championship in a weight class that is different from the weight class of his WBO championship. Martínez never defended his WBO middleweight title and continued to hold the WBC and Ring magazine middleweight titles as well as the WBC light middleweight title. June 5 – Miguel Cotto defeats Yuri Foreman by ninth round stoppage due to a leg injury Foreman suffered during the fight. In an amazing display of will, Foreman refused to quit despite being in what he later called a "very sharp pain". A towel was thrown in the ring, but it was ruled to have come from an outside source, and the fight continued for another minute until being stopped officially. This was Cotto's debut at light middleweight. The fight was the first boxing match in the new Yankee stadium built in 2009, and the first match in either Yankee stadium since Ali/Norton 3 in 1976. June 19 – Andre Ward defeats Allan Green by unanimous decision. The fight was part of the second-group stage of the Super Six World Boxing Classic. June 26 – Julio César Chávez Jr. continues his undefeated streak and improves his record to 41–0 with one draw and one no contest, following a unanimous decision over John Duddy to win the WBC silver middleweight title. June 28 – Manny Pacquiao takes his oath of office as a congressman before Supreme Court Associate Justice Antonio T. Carpio in the Provincial Capitol of Sarangani in Municipality of Alabel. July 10 – Juan Manuel López stops Bernabé Concepción in a second-round TKO to defend his newly awarded WBO featherweight title. The first round of this fight was later named round of the year by Ring magazine. July 31 – In a rematch of 2009's fight of the year, Juan Manuel Márquez defeats Juan Díaz for a second time to retain his WBO lightweight title and to win the WBA super world lightweight title. July 31 – On the undercard of Márquez/Díaz 2, top-10-ranked lightweight Robert Guerrero defeated Joel Casamayor. August 7 – Tavoris Cloud defeats Glen Johnson by a unanimous decision. This is Cloud's first defence of his newly awarded IBF light heavyweight title. This fight was later named the best light heavyweight fight of 2010 by Ring magazine. August 8 – Devon Alexander wins a decision over Andriy Kotelnyk. August 9 – Jay Larkin dies due to a brain tumor at the age of 59. August 14 – Jean Pascal upsets Chad Dawson by a technical decision due to an accidental headbutt that caused a major cut over Dawson's right eye and the fight was stopped by the ring side doctor. However Pascal easily won the fight according to the judge's scorecards. Pascal defended his WBC light heavyweight title for the third time, won Dawson's IBO light heavyweight title, and filled the vacant Ring magazine light heavyweight title. August 21 – Marco Huck defeats Matt Godfrey by fifth-round TKO, to defend his WBO junior heavyweight title for the fourth time. August 25 – Mikkel Kessler withdraws from the Super Six World Boxing Classic, citing an eye injury he suffered in his November 2009 fight against Andre Ward. 41-year-old Glen Johnson was made Kesslers's replacement in the tournament. August 28 – Giovanni Segura upsets Iván Calderón by a knockout in the eighth round to win the WBO and WBA super world light flyweight titles. Segura ends Calderón's undefeated 34-fight winning record. This fight would later be named both the best light flyweight and overall fight of the year of 2010 by Ring magazine. September 4 – Felix Sturm defeats Giovanni Lorenzo by a unanimous decision in his first fight in over a year. September 4 – Ricky Burns upsets previously undefeated Román Martínez to end his 24–0 winning streak and win the WBO super featherweight title. This fight is later named the best super featherweight fight of 2010 by Ring magazine. September 9 – Floyd Mayweather Jr. is questioned by police after a domestic battery charge is filed against him. September 10 – Floyd Mayweather Jr. is taken into custody but is released on $3,000 bail. Initially, Mayweather is only charged with felony theft. September 11 – Yuriorkis Gamboa defeats Orlando Salido to unified the WBA world and vacant IBF featherweight titles. Gamboa was knocked down in the eighth round and was docked two points in the twelfth round. While Salido was knocked down twice in the twelfth round. September 11 – Wladimir Klitschko defeats Samuel Peter for the second time, in a rematch of their September 2005 fight. September 16 – Floyd Mayweather Jr. receives two felony coercion charges and one felony robbery charge added to his felony theft that he received earlier in the week, along with one misdemeanor domestic battery charge and three misdemeanor harassment charges. Collectively, the eight charges leave Mayweather Jr. with potentially up to 34 years in prison. September 18 – Shane Mosley vs. Sergio Mora ends in a controversial draw. September 18 – Alexander Frenkel knocks out Enzo Maccarinelli in the seventh round to win the EBU cruiserweight title. This fight is later named the best cruiserweight fight of 2010 by Ring magazine. October 2 – Poonsawat Kratingdaenggym losses to Ryol Li Lee in a stunning upset. This was Kratingdaenggym's first loss since July 2006 against Volodymyr Sydorenko. This fight was later named the best super bantamweight fight of 2010 by Ring magazine. October 7 – Andre Dirrell withdraws from the Super Six World Boxing Classic, citing neurological issues. No one was needed to replace Dirrell in the tournament. October 15 – In his first fight in more than 16 months Antonio Tarver, former light heavyweight champion, returns as a heavyweight to defeat Nagy Aguilera. October 16 – Vitali Klitschko defeats Shannon Briggs by a unanimous decision. This is only the third time Klitschko has won a fight by decision. November 6 – Juan Manuel López defeats Rafael Márquez by TKO, in an exciting fight that was stopped early due to Márquez suffering a shoulder injury following the eighth round. López defends his WBO featherweight title and improves his record to 30–0. This fight is later named the best featherweight fight of 2010 by Ring magazine. November 6 – As part of the co-main event to López/Márquez, in his Super Six debut Glen Johnson defeats Allan Green in an eighth-round knockout. This was Johnson's first time fighting in the super middleweight division since September 2000 when he defeated Toks Owoh by a sixth-round TKO. November 6 – Zab Judah continues his comeback by defeating previously unbeaten Lucas Matthysse by a controversial spit decision. November 13 – David Haye knocks out Olympic gold medalist Audley Harrison in a third-round TKO. November 13 – Manny Pacquiao defeats Antonio Margarito for the WBC super welterweight title, making Pacquiao the first and so far only boxer to win world titles in eight different weight classes. Following the fight, Margarito is sent to a hospital with a fractured orbital bone, which requires surgery. This is Margarito's first major fight in over 21 months, following a knockout loss to Shane Mosley in January 2009. November 13 – In the co-main event of Pacquiao/Margarito, Mike Jones defeats Jesús Soto Karass by a unanimous decision. Jones retains his NABA and WBO NABO titles and wins the vacant WBC continental Americas welterweight title. This fight is later named the best welterweight fight of 2010 by Ring magazine. November 17 – Danny Green defeats BJ Flores by unanimous decision, giving Flores his first career loss. November 20 – In a highly anticipated rematch, Sergio Martínez knocks out Paul Williams in the second round to retain his WBC and Ring magazine middleweight titles. This fight was later named knockout of the year by Ring magazine. November 26 – Following a loss in April 2010 that cost Hozumi Hasegawa his WBC bantamweight title, Hasegawa defeats Juan Carlos Burgos to win the vacant WBC featherweight belt. November 27 – Carl Froch upsets Arthur Abraham by controlling the fight from start to finish to win a unanimous decision. Both boxers were coming off their first losses. The fight was part of the third-group stage of the Super Six World Boxing Classic. Froch regains his WBC super middleweight title that was vacated by Mikkel Kessler. November 27 – Andre Ward defeats Sakio Bika by unanimous decision. The fight was the first of two non-tournament bout of the Super Six World Boxing Classic. Ward defends his WBA super world super middleweight title for the second time. November 27 – Juan Manuel Márquez defeats Michael Katsidis by ninth-round TKO. Katsidis was competitive throughout the fight and even scored a knockdown on Márquez in the third round, While Márquez fought a more solid fight, landing many combinations. Márquez defends his WBO, WBA, and Ring magazine lightweight titles. This fight is later named the best lightweight fight of 2010 by Ring magazine. November 27 – Dispute being a heavy underdog, Jason Litzau upsets Celestino Caballero via split decision. The fight, part of the Márquez/Katsidis undercard, was later named upset of the year by Ring magazine. November 27 – Miguel Vazquez defeats Ricardo Dominguez by unanimous decision to defend his newly awarded IBF lightweight title. December 4 – Paweł Wolak knocks out Jose Pinzon in the seventh round. This fight is later named the best junior middleweight fight of 2010 by Ring magazine. December 8 – A judge issues an arrest warrant for Floyd Mayweather Jr. stemming from a November 15 incident where Mayweather allegedly poked a security guard in the face several times over parking tickets. December 11 – Amir Khan defeats Marcos Maidana in a relatively close decision. Khan came out strong in the early part of the fight by applying heavy pressure on Maidana and getting a knockdown late in the first round. However, in the later parts of the fight, Khan spent much of his time avoiding Maidana, trying to endure through rounds. At one point, Maidana appeared to have almost finished Khan in the tenth round, when he landed a huge punch. But Khan absorbs the punishment and does enough to win by unanimous decision. Khan defends his WBA world light welterweight title for the third time. This fight is later named the best light welterweight fight of 2010 by Ring magazine. It is also awarded Fight of the Year by the Boxing Writers Association of America.[5] December 11 – In the co-main event of Khan/Maidana, Victor Ortiz and Lamont Peterson settle with a somewhat controversial majority draw after ten rounds of boxing. December 11 – Abner Mares defeats Vic Darchinyan by split decision to start Showtime's second boxing tournament based on the Super Six World Boxing Classic. However instead featured only four fighters, a single elimination format, and was focused on the bantamweight division at 118 lbs (54 kg) under the title, The Bantamweight Tournament: Winner Takes All. This fight was later named the best bantamweight fight of 2010 by Ring magazine. December 11 – Following Mares/Darchinyan, Joseph Agbeko defeated Yonnhy Pérez in a rematch of their October 2009 fight in which Pérez defeated Agbeko. December 18 – Marco Huck continues his reign as WBO junior heavyweight champion by defeating Denis Lebedev by split decision. December 18 – Bernard Hopkins vs. Jean Pascal ends in a controversial majority draw.  Pascal scores two flash knockdowns early, putting Hopkins on the canvas for the first time in more than a decade.  The older fighter then adjusts and dominates most of the fight. December 23 – Hugo Cázares defeats Hiroyuki Hisataka by a unanimous decision to retain his WBA super flyweight title for the third time. December 28 – "Bad" Bennie Briscoe dies at the age of 67. January 4 – Southern Highlands homeowners association files a lawsuit to the Clark County District Court seeking $10,000 in damages and an injunction against Floyd Mayweather Jr. This comes in addition to numerous other charges Mayweather Jr. is facing, including domestic battery, theft, coercion, robbery, and harassment. January 29 – Timothy Bradley defeats Devon Alexander by a tenth round technical decision. The fight was stopped due to a cut Alexander had received from an accidental headbutt in the third round, which was made worse by two more headbutts in the eighth round and a final, fourth headbutt in the tenth. Both fighters came in with undefeated records, and the fight was initially praised as one of the few good match-ups between two top-ranked Americans in recent years. With the win, Bradley unified the light welterweight titles by defending his WBO title and winning Alexander's WBC title. February 4 – Sergio Mora losses to Brian Vera by controversial split decision. Vera had lost four of his last six fights. February 5 – Tomás Rojas defends his WBC super flyweight title for the first time, defeating Nobuo Nashiro in an exciting, back-and-forth fight. February 12 – Arthur Abraham defeats Stjepan Božić by an official second-round technical knockout. The fight was stopped after Božić punched Abraham's elbow and fractured his hand. February 15 – Manny Pacquiao visited the American capital of Washington during a press tour to have meetings with President Barack Obama and Nevada Senator Harry Reid. February 19 – Nonito Donaire defeats Fernando Montiel by technical knockout in the second round to unify the WBO and WBC bantamweight titles. Donaire started the fight strong by controlling most of the first round, landing a left hook that briefly stunned Montiel. In the second round, Donaire started landing a few combinations before finishing Montiel with a solid hook. February 19 – In the co-main event of Montiel/Donaire, a rematch against up-and-comer Mike Jones and Jesus Soto Karass. The first bout against the two boxers back in November 2010 for the co-main event to Pacquiao/Margarito ended in a controversial majority decision for Jones. In the rematch however, Jones controlled most of this fight, cutting Soto Karass over both eyes in the third round to win a strong unanimous decision. February 26 – Brandon Rios knocks out Miguel Acosta in the tenth round, to win the WBA world lightweight title. Acosta started the fight strong by controlling most of the early rounds. However a left hand to the body followed by a short jab caught Acosta in the sixth round and forced a knockdown. Acosta then appeared to be to have regained himself in the seventh round, just to be knocked down again in the eighth. The fight then ended with back-and-forth action from both fighters, with Rios landing three right hands to finish Ascota in the tenth. March 5 – Saúl Álvarez defeats Matthew Hatton by unanimous decision to become the WBC light middleweight champion. March 12 – Sergio Martínez knocks out undefeated Sergiy Dzindziruk in the eighth round to win the vacant WBC middleweight diamond belt. March 12 – Miguel Cotto knocks out Ricardo Mayorga in the twelfth round to retain his WBA world light middleweight title. March 12 – Yuri Foreman is knocked out by Paweł Wolak at the end of the sixth round. This was Foreman's first fight since coming off knee surgery following his fight with Miguel Cotto. March 19 – Vitali Klitschko knocks out Odlanier Solís in the first round to retain his WBC heavyweight title for the sixth time. The knockout came as a surprise after Solís appeared to sustain a serious knee injury. Initially, Klitschko was angry at Solís, thinking he'd taken a dive. However, Solís was taken to a hospital, where a scan revealed tears to his anterior cruciate ligament and external meniscus and cartilage damage in his right knee.[6] March 19 – Lucian Bute knocks out Brian Magee in the tenth round to defend his IBF supper middleweight title for the seventh time. March 26 – Yuriorkis Gamboa knocks out Jorge Solis in the fourth round for the IBF and WBA world featherweight titles. April 2 – Giovanni Segura knocks out Iván Calderón in the third round in a repeat of 2010's fight of the year. April 8 – Marco Antonio Rubio upsets top-ranked prospect David Lemieux by seventh-round TKO. April 8 – Experienced veteran Jhonny González upsets the top-ranked Hozumi Hasegawa in a fourth-round TKO to win his WBC featherweight title. This was Hasegawa's second fight at featherweight since moving from bantamweight in late 2010. April 9 – Marcos Maidana defeats Erik Morales by majority decision to become the interim WBA light welterweight champion again. April 9 – In the co-main event to Maidana/Morales, Robert Guerrero defeats Michael Katsidis by unanimous decision. Guerrero wins the interim WBO and WBA world lightweight titles. April 16 – Amir Khan defeats Paul McCloskey by technical decision in round 6. McCloskey was cut by a clash of heads, and the bout was stopped by the ringside doctor. April 16 – Victor Ortiz defeats Andre Berto, by unanimous decision, to win the WBC Welterweight title and end Berto's undefeated record. April 16 – Orlando Salido defeats Juan Manuel Lopez by technical knockout of the 8th round.  This puts an end to Lopez's undefeated record and an end to a potential unification bout with Yuriorkis Gamboa. April 23 – Vic Darchinyan defeats Yonnhy Perez. May 1 – Henry Cooper dies at the age of 76. May 7 – Manny Pacquiao defeats Shane Mosley by unanimous decision to retain his WBO welterweight title. May 7 – Also on the Pacquiao/Mosley card, Kelly Pavlik defeats Alfonso López via majority decision. This was Pavlik's first fight in over a year after being defeated by Sergio Martínez and losing his Ring magazine, WBC, and WBO middleweight titles. It was also Pavlik's debut at super middleweight. May 7 – At 48 years old, Evander Holyfield knocks out 46-year-old Brian Nielsen in the tenth round. May 7 – Daniel Geale upsets Sebastian Sylvester by split decision. May 8 – Lionel Rose dies at the age of 62. May 14 – Andre Ward defeats Arthur Abraham by unanimous decision to retain his WBA Super World Super Middleweight title. The win advanced him to the Finals of the Super Six tournament. May 21 – Bernard Hopkins defeats Jean Pascal. Hopkins, at age 46, becomes the oldest man in the history of boxing to win a major world title, supplanting George Foreman, who had previously held the distinction after his knockout victory over Michael Moorer. May 21 – As part of the Hopkins/Pascal card, Chad Dawson defeats Adrian Diaconu nine months after his loss to Pascal. It was Dawson's first fight under Hall of Fame trainer Emanuel Steward. May 21 – Denis Lebedev brutally knocks out Roy Jones Jr. in the 10th round. Jones falls face first to the canvas and is unconscious for several minutes. June 4 – Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. defeats Sebastian Zbik by majority decision to capture the WBC Middleweight title and become the first Mexican to win a major title in the middleweight division. June 4 – Carl Froch defeats Glen Johnson by majority decision to retain his WBC Super Middleweight title and position himself to face Andre Ward in the Super Six finals. June 18 – Saul Alvarez defeats Ryan Rhodes by technical knockout of the 12th round to successfully defends his WBC title for the first time. June 25 – Felix Sturm defeats Matthew Macklin in an extremely close and controversial split decision to retain his WBA super world middleweight title. June 25 – Devon Alexander defeats Lucas Matthysse in a close split decision. June 25 – In the co-main event of Alexander/Matthysse, Tavoris Cloud knocks out Yusaf Mack at the end of the eighth round to improve to 22–0 and defend his IBF light heavyweight title for the third time. June 25 – Also on the same card as Alexander/Matthysse, Cornelius Bundrage upsets Sechew Powell by unanimous decision to defend his newly awarded IBF light middleweight title for the first time. July 2 – Wladimir Klitschko defeats David Haye by unanimous decision. Klitschko, already the holder of four heavyweight championships, adds Haye's WBA title to his collection. July 2 – Following his upset lost to Jason Litzau, Celestino Caballero losses another split decision to Jonathan Victor Barros. July 9 – Brandon Ríos knocks out Urbano Antillón in the third round. July 9 – Top-ranked Akifumi Shimoda is knocked out by Rico Ramos in a huge upset. July 9 – Paul Williams defeats Erislandy Lara in a highly disputed decision. July 16 – In a stunning upset, John Murray is knocked out by Kevin Mitchell in the eighth round. July 20 – Antonio Tarver stops Danny Green in the ninth round to win the IBO cruiserweight title. July 23 – Amir Khan knocks out Zab Judah in the fifth round. August 13 – Abner Mares wins a highly disputed majority decision over Joseph Agbeko. August 13 – Kimbo Slice makes his boxing debut with a 17-second knockout of James Wade. August 19 – Suriyan Sor Rungvisai wins a decision over Tomas Rojas to win WBC title. August 27 – Alexander Povetkin defeats Ruslan Chagaev by decision. August 27 – Raul Garcia losses a split decision to prospect Moises Fuentes to lose his WBO minimumweight title. August 31 – Hugo Fidel Cazares losses a split decision to Tomonobu Shimizu and WBA title. September 3 – Andre Berto stops Dejan Zavec at the end of the fifth round by a medical stoppage after Zavec's right eye closed and suffered a serious cut. September 10 – Vitali Klitschko knocks out Tomasz Adamek in the tenth round. September 10 – Yuriorkis Gamboa wins a technical decision over Daniel Ponce de Leon. September 10 – Juan Carlos Salgado wins a decision over Argenis Mendez for the vacant IBF title. September 17 – Saul Alvarez knocks out Alfonso Gomez in the sixth round. September 17 – Floyd Mayweather Jr. knocks out Victor Ortiz in what many deemed a sucker punch in the fourth round to remain undefeated. October 1 – Andy Lee wins a decision over Brian Vera. October 1 – Sergio Martinez knocks out Darren Barker in the 11th round. October 1 – Toshiaki Nishioka wins a decision over Rafael Marquez to defend WBC super bantamweight title. October 1 – Karo Murat versus Gabriel Campillo ends in a split draw. October 1 – Yoan Pablo Hernandez wins a technical decision over Steve Cunningham. October 8 – Donnie Nietes defeats Ramon Garcia Hirales for WBO light flyweight title. October 8 – English prospect Kell Brook knocks out Rafal Jackiewicz in the sixth round. October 15 – In what is later changed to a No Contest, Bernard Hopkins is unable to continue after injuring his shoulder in the 2nd round of a light heavyweight fight with Chad Dawson.  Dawson was initially awarded a knockout victory. October 15 – Kimbo Slice scores his second career knockout, stopping Tay Bledsoe in just under two minutes. October 21 – Pongsaklek Wonjongkam defeats Edgar Sosa to defend his WBC flyweight title. October 22 – Nonito Donaire wins a one-sided decision over Omar Andres Narvaez October 22 – Miguel Acosta losses a decision against Richard Abril in a big upset. October 29 – Hernan Marquez knocks out Luis Concepcion in the first round to defend the WBA belt. November 4 – Suriyan Sor Rungvisai wins a decision over Nobuo Nashiro. November 4 – Denis Lebedev wins a one-sided decision over James Toney. November 5 – Ricky Burns wins a decision over Michael Katsidis. November 5 – James Kirkland wins a major upset by knocking out Alfredo Angulo in the sixth round. November 5 – Lucian Bute wins a one-sided decision over veteran Glen Johnson. November 7 – Joe Frazier dies due to liver cancer. May 5 – Floyd Mayweather Jr. defeats Miguel Cotto by unanimous decision. June 9 – Timothy Bradley defeats Manny Pacquiao by split decision. September 15 – Sergio Martínez defeats Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. by unanimous decision. December 8 – Juan Manuel Márquez knocks out Manny Pacquiao in the 6th round. May 4 - Floyd Mayweather Jr. defeats Robert Guerrero by unanimous decision. September 14 - Floyd Mayweather Jr. defeats Canelo Álvarez by majority decision. October 12 - Timothy Bradley defeats Juan Manuel Márquez by split decision. January 18 - Jean Pascal defeats Lucian Bute by unanimous decision to win the vacant WBC Diamond Heavyweight championship. April 12 – Manny Pacquiao defeats Timothy Bradley by unanimous decision. May 3 – Floyd Mayweather Jr. defeats Marcos Maidana by majority decision. June 7 – Miguel Cotto stops Sergio Martínez in the 10th round. September 13 – Floyd Mayweather Jr. defeats Marcos Maidana by unanimous decision. May 2 – Floyd Mayweather Jr. defeats Manny Pacquiao by unanimous decision to remain undefeated.[7] November 21 – Canelo Álvarez defeats Miguel Cotto by unanimous decision. November 28 - Wladimir Klitschko is defeated by British boxer Tyson Fury by unanimous decision, ending an almost decade-long reign as the Heavyweight Champion of the World. April 9 - Manny Pacquiao defeats Timothy Bradley by unanimous decision. May 7 - Canelo Álvarez knocks out Amir Khan in the 6th round. June 3 - Muhammad Ali dies at the age of 74 from septic shock due to unspecified natural causes.[8] April 29 - Anthony Joshua stops Wladimir Klitschko in the 11th round. May 6 - Canelo Álvarez defeats Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. by unanimous decision. July 2 - Jeff Horn defeats Manny Pacquiao by unanimous decision to retain the WBO welterweight title. August 26 - Floyd Mayweather Jr. stops UFC fighter Conor McGregor in the 10th round to become 50-0. September 16 - The highly anticipated middleweight title fight between Gennady Golovkin and Canelo Álvarez ends in a draw. July 21 - Oleksandr Usyk defeats Murat Gassiev by unanimous decision to become the first undisputed cruiserweight champion in the four belt era, September 15 - Canelo Alvarez defeats Gennady Golovkin by majority decision in a rematch to win the WBO and WBC middleweight titles. September 22 - Anthony Joshua defeats Alexander Povetkin by TKO in the seventh round. December 1 - The highly anticipated match between Deontay Wilder and Tyson Fury ends in a draw. March 16 - Welterweight champion Errol Spence Jr. defeats lightweight champion Mikey Garcia by a unanimous decision. June 1, 2019 - Late replacement Andy Ruiz Jr. upset undefeated Anthony Joshua at the Madison Square Garden, and became the new unified heavyweight champion. July 20, 2019- Manny Pacquaio beats Keith Thurman by split decision at the MGM Grand Garden Arena, becoming the oldest welterweight champion at the age of 40. December 7, 2019 - Anthony Joshua regains titles by beating Andy Ruiz Jr. in a rematch."
The Second Coming (TV serial);"   The Second Coming is a two-part British television drama first screened on ITV in the United Kingdom in February 2003.  It concerns the realisation of humble video store worker Steve Baxter (played by Christopher Eccleston) that he is in fact the Son of God, and has just a few days to find the human race's Third Testament and thus avert the Apocalypse.  It was written by Russell T Davies (later head writer of the 2005 series of Doctor Who), and produced by the independent Red Production Company. The programme was originally commissioned as four one-hour episodes by Channel 4 in 1999, however, when new executives took over running the drama department at that channel, they decided not to pursue the project. Davies and Red's founder Nicola Shindler took the project to the BBC, who quickly turned it down, it found a home on ITV, a channel that had gained a reputation for producing mainstream, unchallenging, "middle-of-the-road" drama in recent years.[1]  Screened over two successive evenings in prime time on Sunday and Monday, 9–10 February 2003, The Second Coming gained viewing figures of over six million. Davies, who is an atheist, has said his intention was to provoke debate and get people thinking about religion.  Steven Baxter, a good-hearted but slightly awkward video shop worker from Manchester, disappears for forty days and forty nights after a drunken night out with his friends to celebrate his best friend Judy's divorce, during which he shared a kiss with her. He is found wandering Saddleworth Moor, and he claims to be the second coming of Jesus. At first he is met with scepticism, and is even locked up. One of the few people who believes him is a young Catholic priest, who mentions an obscure Christian text that mentions that the lamb will be sent to the city of the North, followed by a series of numbers that turned out to be map co-ordinates. The recent death of the Pope is also seen as a sign. Steve escapes and, after one final night out before starting his duties, decides to indicate he is really the son of God to humanity by turning night into day over the small area of the football stadium at Maine Road (he lets people know about it by advertising on the internet). The feat attracts the attention of the world's media. Steve then announces he must find the third testament within five days. He states that humanity needs to start taking responsibility for their actions, and that everyone, regardless of their religion or origin, needs to begin again and forget past conflicts. He also says that Christians should not boast about being right, then reveals that currently Heaven is empty, while Hell is bursting at the seams.  There is much hysteria and panic, particularly when The Devil and several demons possess people (only indicated by silver eyes) to cause trouble. Satan takes possession of a man named Johnny Tyler that Judy met through a dating agency. He eventually reveals to Judy he wants Steve to fail and fall into despair, so that after Armageddon God will judge Steve's actions as a human and send him to hell, and they can rule together. In a deleted scene, it is revealed Satan also wants God to return to being the merciless, angry God of the Old Testament.  Later, it is revealed that Steve's earthly father could not have fathered him as he was born sterile, another indicator that Steve is really the son of God.  There is also media frenzy surrounding the events, especially after a tape is leaked of Steve saying that the world will end if the testament is not found, and he is taken into police protection. Some of Steve's friends accept him as the Messiah - Pete (who kept his Christianity hidden, not knowing how his friends would react) and Fiona (who becomes crazed, as this is the first time she has ever believed). Judy (an atheist), remains sceptical. She and Steve have some heated arguments (at one point, in a fit of anger, Steve is tempted to use his godly powers to kill her), especially as despite being the son of God, Steve is neither omniscient (relying on information "downloading" into his head, which frustrates him too) nor omnipotent (e.g., he cannot heal the sick). Steve later says that he does have powers, but he refuses to use them as he could get power mad, and reiterates it is up to humanity to sort themselves out this time. Judy is also confronted by several demons and manipulated into situations to get her to believe, which is part of Satan's plan to have Steve fall into despair.  During the next few days, Steve miraculously survives several attempts made on his life, including a bomb going off in a pub in which he is drinking. The devil and his demons also attempt to turn his father Frank against him, getting him hooked on drugs and alcohol and convincing him that he is now a joke in the public's eyes (one deleted scene saw him watching Bernard Manning on TV making jokes at his expense). Frank tries to shoot Steve, but ends up killing Pete. After her husband leaves her, Fiona attempts suicide and tries to kill her children too. Also during this time Judy and Steve's relationship grows deeper, and they have sex.  Steve himself has no idea what the third testament will be, he receives too many candidates to figure out which one is the real one. The Chief Superintendent of the police, who is also possessed by a demon, has them thrown out, saying that even if it were there, Steve would not be able to make his broadcast to the world. Having failed to discover the Testament, the people of the world hide in their homes, fearing the world's end.  Steve then visits Judy in hope of trying to work out what the testament is, and Judy reveals to him that it is the record she is making of events.  Judy, who is filmed night and day by cameras from the world's media around her house, makes spaghetti and laces it with rat poison, but announces this to Steve before presenting it to him. She states that it is Judgement Day, but for Steve and God, stating that it has been the existence of God or the argument about it which has led humanity to do so many bad things to one another. Steve is persuaded by Judy that he must die, and moreover make it permanent (in the sense of ceasing to exist rather than returning to heaven), so that humanity fights for itself rather than relying on the evils of fundamentalism. This will not only be the death of him, but of God, Satan, Heaven and Hell - the end of all religion. She also says that the absence of any kind of afterlife may scare people into living their lives properly.  Steve does not believe her at first, thinking she was influenced by the demons. He does one last divine "download" and, to his horror, realises that this is indeed the Third Testament, "the closing of the family business." He is scared at first, but then decides that it is time to die, and he eats his Last Supper. Henceforth, the world goes back to normal, with a few people referring to Judy as "the woman who killed God", but she otherwise goes back to living an ordinary insignificant life, having married the policeman who guarded her despite everyone else leaving their jobs and posts in fear of the apparent apocalypse. Judy sees Johnny Tyler (who has no memory of being possessed) and asks him if she did the right thing, but he cannot answer (suggesting that the audience needs to decide for itself whether she did or not).  An earlier draft of the script features a twist ending in which Judy is married to Steve, who has simply given up his divinity and become human again, with only her recognising him. However, Davies was advised against ending the story this way by his friend and fellow writer Paul Abbott, who felt that it cheated the audience.[1]  Davies originally conceived the idea for the programme while on a car journey from Manchester to Liverpool with his friend, the television producer Tony Wood.[1] His initial pitch to Nicola Shindler described a scene from the second episode, with the Son of God having returned to Earth, made love to the woman he loves and her asking him if he loves her.[1]  The eventual production for ITV was produced by Anne Harrison-Baxter and directed by Adrian Shergold, with Davies and Shindler as executive producers. Davies himself directed some of the second unit material featuring real-life television personalities such as Richard and Judy and Trisha Goddard commenting on Steven Baxter, seen throughout the programme along with news reports featuring real-life newsreaders such as Jon Snow and Krishnan Guru-Murthy. The bulk of filming took place during the summer of 2002.  The change from four one-hour episodes to two ninety-minute instalments necessitated the cutting of much material from what would originally have been episode three, the opening half of the eventual second episode. Most of this material centred around Steve's friends and family being tested by the devil's servants as well as Steve's mother, who in the final edit is removed altogether and referred to only as having died some time beforehand.[1] Some of this material was shot, and the scenes that did not make the programme were included as bonus features on the DVD release of the serial, released the week after the programmes's UK broadcast. Also included on the disc was an audio commentary from Davies and Shergold.  The first episode, shown at 9pm on Sunday 9 February gained an average overnight viewing figure of 6.3 million, winning its timeslot ahead of the nearest competition, a documentary on the actor Christopher Reeve on BBC One, which gained 5.5 million, a 21% share.[2] The second episode lost a sixth of its audience, with an average of 5.4 million viewers, beaten by the drama series In Deep on BBC One, which gained a figure of 6.6 million.[3]  The Second Coming has also been shown in other countries – BBC America broadcast the drama in the United States in late 2003, it has also been seen in Canada on Showcase, in Australia on the ABC, and in New Zealand by TVNZ. Some versions shown overseas are shorter, with certain scenes cut and the ending coming after the 'documentary' scenes rather than the very final scene in the supermarket car park seen in the UK version.  Critical reaction to the production was generally positive. The Observer newspaper's reviewer, Kathryn Flett, said that "the boldness of the subject matter was complemented by a script of considerable depth and humour, and there were performances of Bafta-grabbing brilliance from everybody involved".[4] She particularly praised the performances of the two leads: "Christopher Eccleston, never knowingly under-intense, was perfectly cast as the Everybloke suddenly gifted with the ability to provide answers to the big questions and perform medium-sized miracles... Sharp, burdened (or perhaps liberated?) by bad hair and make-up for most of the film proved herself yet again to be one of Britain's finest actresses."[4]  In The Times, Paul Hoggart's verdict on the first episode was that: "It is intelligent, often amusing, and, at times, passionate and provocative. It throws down a gauntlet to religion, especially in tonight's conclusion, and something happens at the end which is probably deeply blasphemous... There are some clunks and bumps in the script, but most are smoothed over by excellent acting."[5]  Writing in The Guardian to preview the drama before it aired, Mark Lawson said that: "Transmuting different genres like wine made from water — comedy into romance into thriller — Eccleston, Sharp, Davies and his director Adrian Shergold have created a world in which it soon ceases to seem odd that God chose Manchester. Steve only knows how they did it, but they have."[6] Commenting on the US showing on BBC America, New York Magazine reviewer John Leonard called it "...an interesting argument about the cost benefits of the possible death of God. Rough, rude, and wonderfully acted."[7]  The Second Coming featured in two major categories at the 2004 British Academy Television Awards, the most important TV awards ceremony in the UK. In the Best Actor category Christopher Eccleston lost out to Bill Nighy (for State of Play) while the production itself was beaten by Charles II: The Power and The Passion in the Best Drama Serial category.[8][9]  Delivering the Huw Wheldon Lecture at the Royal Television Society's annual convention in Cambridge in September 2005, Paul Abbott praised The Second Coming as one of the few genuinely innovative British television drama productions of recent years, describing it as: "...a television masterpiece. It grappled with the most colossal subject matter in the return of a messiah to earth. Not in a Robert Powell way. Modern earth. Manchester, actually. And mainly the scruffy end."[10]  British electronica duo Orbital sampled the speech given by Steve Baxter (Christopher Eccleston) for the track "You Lot" on their 2004 Blue Album. "
Geneva Commons;" Coordinates: 41°53′34.2″N 88°20′34.9″W﻿ / ﻿41.892833°N 88.343028°W﻿ / 41.892833, -88.343028 Geneva Commons is a lifestyle center in the Chicago suburb of Geneva, Illinois. The center is located along Randall Road in the heart of the St. Charles/Geneva/Batavia retail complex. The center includes over 80 retailers and restaurants spread over 418,000 square feet (38,800 m2). The center, which was developed by Jeffrey R. Anderson, was opened on September 5, 2002.[1] The developer also built the Algonquin Commons, located 15 miles (24 km) north along Randall Road in Algonquin, which opened in 2004.   It is managed by Mid-America Asset Management, Inc.[2]  The opening of Geneva Commons was one of the factors in the demise of Charlestowne Mall in St. Charles, Illinois.[3] "
List of highways numbered 32;" The following highways are numbered 32:   AH32 Asian Highway 32  E32 European route E32  Great Western Highway  Barrier Highway  East Derwent Highway  Mitchell Highway  Alberta Highway 32  Manitoba Highway 32  Northwest Arm Drive, also known as Nova Scotia Trunk 32  Ontario Highway 32 (former)  Saskatchewan Highway 32  National Route 32  I/32 Highway (Czech Republic), Czech: Silnice I/32  Main road 32 (Hungary)  Route 32 (Iceland)  National Highway 32 (India)  Road 32  N32 road (Ireland) (former)  Autostrada A32  Japan National Route 32  Kōchi Expressway  Tokushima Expressway  Asan–Cheongju Expressway  National Route 32 Gukjido 32  New Zealand State Highway 32  National road 32 (Poland)  Highway 32 (Thailand)   O-32, a motorway in Turkey running from İzmir to Çeşme, İzmir Province.  British A32 (Alton-Gosport)  British M32 (Hambrook-Bristol)  U.S. Route 32 (former)  New England Route 32 (former)  Alabama State Route 32  Arkansas Highway 32  California State Route 32  County Route J32 (California)  County Route S32 (California)  County Route J32 (California)  County Route S32 (California)  Connecticut Route 32  Delaware Route 32 (former)  Florida State Road 32  County Road 32 (Levy County, Florida)  County Road 32 (Levy County, Florida)  Georgia State Route 32  Hawaii Route 32  Idaho State Highway 32  Illinois Route 32  Indiana State Road 32  Iowa Highway 32  K-32 (Kansas highway)  Kentucky Route 32  Louisiana Highway 32 (former)  Maine State Route 32  Maryland Route 32 Maryland Route 32AA Maryland Route 32AH Maryland Route 32B Maryland Route 32AA Maryland Route 32AH Maryland Route 32B  Massachusetts Route 32  M-32 (Michigan highway)  Minnesota State Highway 32  County Road 32 (Anoka County, Minnesota)  County Road 32 (Dakota County, Minnesota)  County Road 32 (Hennepin County, Minnesota)  County Road 32 (Ramsey County, Minnesota)  County Road 32 (St. Louis County, Minnesota)  County Road 32 (Anoka County, Minnesota)  County Road 32 (Dakota County, Minnesota)  County Road 32 (Hennepin County, Minnesota)  County Road 32 (Ramsey County, Minnesota)  County Road 32 (St. Louis County, Minnesota)  Mississippi Highway 32  Missouri Route 32  Nebraska Highway 32  Nevada State Route 32 (former)  New Hampshire Route 32  New Jersey Route 32  County Route 32 (Bergen County, New Jersey)  County Route S32 (Bergen County, New Jersey)  County Route 32 (Monmouth County, New Jersey)  County Route 32 (Ocean County, New Jersey)  County Route 32 (Bergen County, New Jersey)  County Route S32 (Bergen County, New Jersey)  County Route S32 (Bergen County, New Jersey)  County Route 32 (Monmouth County, New Jersey)  County Route 32 (Ocean County, New Jersey)  New Mexico State Road 32  New York State Route 32  North Carolina Highway 32  North Dakota Highway 32  Ohio State Route 32  Oklahoma State Highway 32  Oregon Route 32 (former)  Pennsylvania Route 32  South Carolina Highway 32 (former)  South Dakota Highway 32  Tennessee State Route 32  Texas State Highway 32 (proposed)  Texas State Highway Spur 32 (former)  Ranch to Market Road 32  Texas Park Road 32  Texas State Highway Spur 32 (former)  Ranch to Market Road 32  Texas Park Road 32  Utah State Route 32  Virginia State Route 32  Virginia State Route 32 (1923-1933) (former)  Virginia State Route 32 (1933-1940) (former)  Virginia State Route 32 (1923-1933) (former)  Virginia State Route 32 (1933-1940) (former)  West Virginia Route 32  Wisconsin Highway 32  Wyoming Highway 32  Guam Highway 32  Puerto Rico Highway 32  U.S. Virgin Islands Highway 32 A32 (disambiguation)#Roads List of highways numbered 32A List of highways numbered 32B"
Elizabeth Esteve-Coll;"   Dame Elizabeth Anne Loosemore Esteve-Coll DBE FRSA (née Kingdon, born 14 October 1938) is a British academic and former museum director and librarian.  The daughter of a Darlington bank clerk, she was educated at Darlington High School, Trinity College, Dublin and Birkbeck College, London.[1]  Esteve-Coll was head of learning resources at Kingston Polytechnic from 1977,[2] and in 1982 became the first female director of the University of Surrey Library.[2][3] Esteve-Coll was the first woman director of a national arts collection when she was appointed as director of the Victoria and Albert Museum in 1987, succeeding Sir Roy Strong.[4][5] She resigned in 1994, midway through her second term as director, to take up the Vice-Chancellorship of the University of East Anglia.[6] Dr. Alan Borg succeeded her as its new director, taking the post on 1 October 1995.[4]  Esteve-Coll served as Vice-Chancellor of the University of East Anglia from 1995 to 1997, but was forced to step down after being diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. She said at the time: "It is with real sadness and disappointment that I must acknowledge that I am not able to lead the university into the 21st century."[7][8] She served as Chancellor of University of Lincoln for seven years,[9] as well as being a Trustee of the Sainsbury Institute for the Study of Japanese Arts and Cultures since its foundation in Jan 1999.[10]  Esteve-Coll received the Order of the Rising Sun, Gold Rays with Neck Ribbon in November 2005 in recognition of her "outstanding contribution to the promotion of Japanese culture and studies to British people".[11] In November 2008, she was presented with an honorary doctorate of arts and the title chancellor emerita during her farewell ceremony at Lincoln Cathedral.[12]  Books by My Bedside (1989)"
Cameron Rogers;"   Cameron Rogers is an Australian writer of speculative fiction.  Rogers was born in 1972 in Cairns, Queensland, Australia. His first work to be published was a young adult novel, entitled The Vampires which he collaborated with Anthony Short who provided the illustrations. The Vampires is the twenty first book in the After Dark which was originally started in 1991 by Gary Crew.[1] In 2001 Rogers released his novel The Music of Razors which was published by Penguin Books in Australia and by Del Rey Books in the United States.[2] The Music of Razors was nominated for three awards at the 2001 Aurealis Awards – fantasy, horror, and young-adult categories however lost all three.[3] In 2005 Rodgers released Nicholas and the Chronoporter as under the name Rowley Monkfish which is part of the Aussie Chomps series.[4][5] and in 2007 The Music of Razors was released in the United States by Random House as an uncorrected proofs edition which featured an additional 40,000 words than the original release.[6] Rogers currently works as the lead writer for Warframe.[7]  Source: ISFDB, cameron-rogers.com    This article about an Australian writer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. The Vampires (1997, part of the After Dark series) The Music of Razors (2001) Nicholas and the Chronoporter (2005, as Rowley Monkfish, part of the Aussie Chomps series) The Music of Razors Nomination: 2001 Aurealis Award for best fantasy novel Nomination: 2001 Aurealis Award for best horror novel Nomination: 2001 Aurealis Award for best young-adult novel Nomination: 2001 Aurealis Award for best fantasy novel Nomination: 2001 Aurealis Award for best horror novel Nomination: 2001 Aurealis Award for best young-adult novel"
Bezhta people;" The Bezhta (also Kapuchi) are an Andi–Dido people living in the Tsuntinsky region in southwestern Dagestan. In the 1930s along with the rest of the Andi-Dido peoples they were classified as Avars. However, some people identified themselves as Bezhta in the 2002 census of Russia. They speak the Bezhta language, but many of them also speak Avar, Russian or other Tsezic languages of their region. They numbered 1,448 in 1926. According to the Russian census in 2002, there were 6184 self-identified "Bezhtins", though the real number is probably higher.  The territory of the Bezhtas was nominally part of the Avar Khanate. In 1806, the Bezhtas were incorporated into the Russian empire. Tight colonial control of the region was enforced during the 1860s and 1870s.[2] During Soviet rule, the Bezhtas witnessed collectivization, urbanization, education mainly taught in the Russian language, and a erosion of Islam and traditional Bezhta culture.[2]  The Bezhta are primarily Sunni Muslims. The presence of Islam in the land of the Bezhta can be traced back to the 8th and 9th centuries. Most natives of the region were Muslim by the 17th century.[2]  The Bezhtas used to be livestock breeders. They mainly raised sheep, horses and oxen. The Bezhtas also practiced terrace farming and grew rye, wheat and other grains.[2] "
Cube (collectible card game variation);" A Cube is a variation of gameplay for collectible card games. It is a player-made set of at least 360 cards created for the purposes of drafting, though as many as 720 can be used.[1] Booster packs are simulated from the contents of the cube and are used to draft cards for play.[2] A cube typically accommodates up to 8 players.[3] Essentially, a cube is a self-contained CCG set that requires no additional cards to play. It has everything it needs to be self-sufficient and can be used repeatedly. In some aspects, a cube is constructed to be played like a non-collectible customizable card game or ECG (Expandable Card Game), also known as a Living Card Game (LCG).[4] A cube's construction is done with a focus on what type of metagame is desired.[5]  Thematic – These cubes use certain card types to create a theme.[6] Block or Set – These cubes replicate specific expansions so players can relive a drafting experience of an older set, and often contain multiple copies of common or uncommon cards.[6][7] Custom – These cubes use cards from the entire history of a CCG. They're built using cards based on power level, notoriety, or personal preference.[6] Singleton – A cube that specifically contains only a single copy of any card included in the set.[1]"
Vladislav Radimov;"   Vladislav Nikolayevich Radimov (Russian: Владисла́в Никола́евич Ради́мов, IPA: [vlədʲɪˈslaf nʲɪkɐˈlaɪvʲɪtɕ rɐˈdʲiməf], born 26 November 1975) is a Russian football coach and a former player who played midfielder. He was previously the captain of FC Zenit Saint Petersburg and is a former Russian international player. He was a right-sided midfielder or playmaker. At Zenit Saint Petersburg he often played a free playing holding midfielder (like a deep lying playmaker) or a central midfielder.  As a child, Radimov attended fencing school, but at the age of 9 left it for the Smena football school. He did not receive much attention from the Saint Petersburg clubs, and in 1992 he appeared in only one match for the Second Division team Smena-Saturn. In June 1992 he moved to Moscow to play for the reserve team of CSKA Moscow. Radimov debuted for the first team of CSKA on 30 July 1992 when a number of players did not fly to an away match against Okean Nakhodka.  In 1994 Radimov became a first-team regular for CSKA, and was first capped for the national team in a friendly against Austria. In 1994, he was named the best new player of the league by Football Review, and in 1995 he received the Strelets prize as "the hope of the season".  In 1996 Radimov played in all three Russia's matches at Euro 96, and transferred to Real Zaragoza after the finals. He spent two and a half seasons there. By the end of 1998 Radimov had a little playing time at Zaragoza and was loaned to Dynamo Moscow. Contrary to the expectations, his 1999 season in Russia was not successful. After the end of loan he returned to Zaragoza. In 2000, he transferred to Levski Sofia,[1] but had a little playing time with them and was eventually released from the team, following a disciplinary breach.  In 2001, Radimov returned to Russia again to play for Krylia Sovetov Samara. He became the captain of the team soon. After two years in Samara, he moved to his home city to play for Zenit Saint Petersburg. He was elected the team captain immediately.  On 18 October 2005, Radimov married popular singer Tatiana Bulanova.  Zaragoza  Levski Sofia  Zenit Saint Petersburg  Copa del Rey: 2000–01 Bulgarian A Professional Football Group: 2000–01 UEFA Cup: 2008 Russian Premier League: 2007, runner-up: 2003 Russian Cup: runner-up 1998–99 Russian Premier League Cup: 2003"
Joel Jaffe;"   Joel Jaffe (born January 15, 1952), also known as J. Jaffe, is an American audio engineer, record producer, multi-instrumentalist, songwriter, and president and co-founder of Studio D Recording, Inc.[1][2]  Jaffe has worked with artists including Huey Lewis and the News, Ringo Starr, Buddy Greco, Melissa Etheridge, The Stylistics, Eddie Money, Santana, and Bonnie Raitt.[3][4]  Joel Jaffe was born in Cleveland, Ohio, United States, to Jay and Dorothy (Née Watkins) Jaffe. He began taking piano lessons from his mother at age six, as well as studying classical and jazz piano with other instructors. He began taking guitar lessons at age twelve after seeing The Beatles perform on The Ed Sullivan Show. In high school he formed the band The Illusions, performing at dances and parties, then at nightclubs opening shows for such artists as The Four Tops, The Everly Brothers, and The O'Jays.  Pop pop rock Jazz Americana alternative rock rock Audio engineer record producer musician composer songwriter Guitar mandolin pedal steel dobro lap steel keyboards BMG Polygram Island Qwest"
Murderabilia;" Murderabilia, also known as murderbilia, is a term identifying collectibles related to murders, homicides, the perpetrators or other violent crimes. The term was coined by Andy Kahan, director[1] of the Houston Police Department's Crime Victims Office.[2][3]  Buyers typically seek collectibles that are either artifacts used or owned by murderers or items (often artwork) created by them. According to crime writer Leigh Lundin, buyers may be interested in the macabre, but many believe such artifacts offer power and control.[4]  Virtually anything once owned or created  by mass murderers or serial killers can be marketed, such as vehicles, artwork and weapons used in crimes. Clothing is also in high demand,[5] particularly clothes worn during crimes themselves.  In 2007, American school shooter Wayne Lo caused controversy after it was found that he was selling his artwork on a website.[6]  In June 2011, the United States Government auctioned off personal items which belonged to Ted Kaczynski which were found in his Montana cabin upon his capture in 1996.[7] The auction took place entirely online. The proceeds went to victims and victims' families of Kaczynski's crimes.[8]  In 2005, serial killer Alfred Gaynor's artwork was sold online in Massachusetts. State lawmakers proposed to block the activity, setting off a debate on free speech rights of prisoners.[9]  Andy Kahan, director of the Houston-based Mayor's Crime Victims Office, has lobbied strongly against the sale of murderabilia material. In May 2001, eBay banned the sale of murderabilia items. The sale of such items was banned in five states: Texas, California, New Jersey, Michigan and Utah.[10] In 2010, Senators John Cornyn of Texas and Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota teamed up to introduce a bill in Congress that would have outlawed the sale of murderabilia on the federal level. The bill was called the "Stop the Sale of Murderabilia to Protect the Dignity of Crime Victims Act of 2010," and came after several individual fights over the issue.[11] The bill died in committee.[12]  Lynching postcards Son of Sam law Nazi memorabilia"
Sofía von Ellrichshausen;" Sofía von Ellrichshausen (born in 1976) is an Argentinian architect, artist, and educator. She is known for her Brutalist architectural designs. Together with Mauricio Pezo, in 2002 she founded an art and architecture studio in Concepción, Chile. Their work has been exhibited at the Royal Academy of Arts in London, at the Venice Biennale International Architecture Exhibition, and is part of the permanent collections at the Art Institute of Chicago and the Museum of Modern Art in New York,   Von Ellrichshausen was born in Bariloche, Argentina in 1976. She holds a degree in architecture from the Universidad de Buenos Aires.[1] She has taught at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York,[1] and the University of Texas at Austin.[2]  Sofia von Ellrichshausen met Mauricio Pezo in Buenos Aires, and established an art and architecture studio in Chile that is known as Pezo von Ellrichshausen.[3] Cien House, which the studio built for themselves, is located in one of the suburbs of Concepción,[4] and is presented as an example of Chilean Modernist architecture in a 2019 article in The New York Times.[5] Poli House, designed in 2005 by von Ellrichshausen, was included in the The Guardian's list of "The 10 best concrete buildings",[6] and earned von Ellrichshausen the "Best Young Chilean Architect's Award".[7] In 2009 The Architectural Review described their design for Casa Fosc as "playful".[8]With Pezo, von Ellrichshausen was the curators of the Chilean Pavilion in the 2008 Venice Architecture Biennale,[9] and she was a jury member at the 2018 Venice Biennale of Architecture.[citation needed]  Her work is part of the permanent collection at the Contemporary Art Museum in Santiago, Chile,[citation needed] the MoMA in New York City,[10] and the Art Institute of Chicago.[11]  The studio is a recipient of the Mies Crown Hall Americas Emerge Prize in 2014 for Poli House,[12] the Rice Design Alliance Prize in 2012,[13] the Iberoamerican Architecture Biennial Award (2006),[7] and the Chilean Architecture Award (2006).[14][better source needed] "
MCVE;" MCVE is a credit card processing computer software library and interface running under the Red Hat operating system, replacing Red Hat's CCVS. It was built in to some older versions of PHP.[1]  In November 2001, Main Street Softworks[2] signed a contract with Red Hat to migrate the existing CCVS clientele to use MCVE. On July 2, 2003, Main Street Softworks renamed MCVE to Monetra. The following day a new version of MCVE was released carrying the new name, Monetra. Since then, they have released several new versions of Monetra and were in version 7 as of December 2011[update].    This business software article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Dysdera erythrina;"   Dysdera erythrina is a species of spider in the family Dysderidae.[1] It is nearly indistinguishable from the spider Dysdera crocata, but is far less common and has a much smaller geographic range. Like its relative D. crocata, this spider uses its disproportionately huge chelicerae to kill woodlice, as well as silverfish, earwigs, millipedes, beetles, and even centipedes.  The species is commonly found in the south of Great Britain. It is also found in Western and Central Europe.[2]    This Dysderidae-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
New Mexico State Road 190;"   State Road 190 State Road 190 (NM 190) is a 2.11-mile-long (3.40 km) state highway in the US state of New Mexico. NM 190's western terminus is at NM 2 in Dexter, and the eastern terminus is at County Route 1 (CR 1) route west of Dexter.  The entire route is in Chaves County.  Route map:  New Mexico State Highway System Interstate US State Scenic  U.S. roads portal "
Mechanosynthesis;" Mechanosynthesis is a term for hypothetical chemical syntheses in which reaction outcomes are determined by the use of mechanical constraints to direct reactive molecules to specific molecular sites. There are presently no non-biological chemical syntheses which achieve this aim. Some atomic placement has been achieved with scanning tunnelling microscopes.  In conventional chemical synthesis or chemosynthesis, reactive molecules encounter one another through random thermal motion in a liquid or vapor. In a hypothesized process of mechanosynthesis, reactive molecules would be attached to molecular mechanical systems, and their encounters would result from mechanical motions bringing them together in planned sequences, positions, and orientations. It is envisioned that mechanosynthesis would avoid unwanted reactions by keeping potential reactants apart, and would strongly favor desired reactions by holding reactants together in optimal orientations for many molecular vibration cycles. In biology, the ribosome provides an example of a programmable mechanosynthetic device.  A non-biological form of mechanochemistry has been performed at cryogenic temperatures using scanning tunneling microscopes. So far, such devices provide the closest approach to fabrication tools for molecular engineering. Broader exploitation of mechanosynthesis awaits more advanced technology for constructing molecular machine systems, with ribosome-like systems as an attractive early objective.  Much of the excitement regarding advanced mechanosynthesis regards its potential use in assembly of molecular-scale devices. Such techniques appear to have many applications in medicine, aviation, resource extraction, manufacturing and warfare.  Most theoretical explorations of advanced machines of this kind have focused on using carbon, because of the many strong bonds it can form, the many types of chemistry these bonds permit, and utility of these bonds in medical and mechanical applications. Carbon forms diamond, for example, which if cheaply available, would be an excellent material for many machines.  It has been suggested, notably by K. Eric Drexler, that mechanosynthesis will be fundamental to molecular manufacturing based on nanofactories capable of building macroscopic objects with atomic precision. The potential for these has been disputed, notably by Nobel Laureate Richard Smalley (who proposed and then critiqued an unworkable approach based on small fingers).  The Nanofactory Collaboration,[1] founded by Robert Freitas and Ralph Merkle in 2000, is a focused ongoing effort involving 23 researchers from 10 organizations and 4 countries that is developing a practical research agenda[2] specifically aimed at positionally controlled diamond mechanosynthesis and diamondoid nanofactory development.  In practice, getting exactly one molecule to a known place on the microscope's tip is possible, but has proven difficult to automate. Since practical products require at least several hundred million atoms, this technique has not yet proven practical in forming a real product.  The goal of one line of mechanoassembly research focuses on overcoming these problems by calibration, and selection of appropriate synthesis reactions. Some suggest attempting to develop a specialized, very small (roughly 1,000 nanometers on a side) machine tool that can build copies of itself using mechanochemical means, under the control of an external computer. In the literature, such a tool is called an assembler or molecular assembler. Once assemblers exist, geometric growth (directing copies to make copies) could reduce the cost of assemblers rapidly. Control by an external computer should then permit large groups of assemblers to construct large, useful projects to atomic precision. One such project would combine molecular-level conveyor belts with permanently mounted assemblers to produce a factory.  In part to resolve this and related questions about the dangers of industrial accidents and popular fears of runaway events equivalent to Chernobyl and Bhopal disasters, and the more remote issue of ecophagy, grey goo and green goo (various potential disasters arising from runaway replicators, which could be built using mechanosynthesis) the UK Royal Society and UK Royal Academy of Engineering in 2003 commissioned a study to deal with these issues and larger social and ecological implications, led by mechanical engineering professor Ann Dowling. This was anticipated by some to take a strong position on these problems and potentials —– and suggest any development path to a general theory of so-called mechanosynthesis. However, the Royal Society's nanotech report did not address molecular manufacturing at all, except to dismiss it along with grey goo.  Current technical proposals for nanofactories do not include self-replicating nanorobots, and recent ethical guidelines would prohibit development of unconstrained self-replication capabilities in nanomachines.[3][4]  There is a growing body of peer-reviewed theoretical work on synthesizing diamond by mechanically removing/adding hydrogen atoms [5] and depositing carbon atoms [6][7][8][9][10][11] (a process known as diamond mechanosynthesis or DMS[12]).  For example, the 2006 paper in this continuing research effort by Freitas, Merkle and their collaborators reports that the most-studied mechanosynthesis tooltip motif (DCB6Ge) successfully places a C2 carbon dimer on a C(110) diamond surface at both 300 K (room temperature) and 80 K (liquid nitrogen temperature), and that the silicon variant (DCB6Si) also works at 80 K but not at 300 K. These tooltips are intended to be used only in carefully controlled environments (e.g., vacuum). Maximum acceptable limits for tooltip translational and rotational misplacement errors are reported in paper III—tooltips must be positioned with great accuracy to avoid bonding the dimer incorrectly. Over 100,000 CPU hours were invested in this study.  The DCB6Ge tooltip motif, initially described at a Foresight Conference in 2002, was the first complete tooltip ever proposed for diamond mechanosynthesis and remains the only tooltip motif that has been successfully simulated for its intended function on a full 200-atom diamond surface. Although an early paper gives a predicted placement speed of 1 dimer per second for this tooltip, this limit was imposed by the slow speed of recharging the tool using an inefficient recharging method[8] and is not based on any inherent limitation in the speed of use of a charged tooltip. Additionally, no sensing means was proposed for discriminating among the three possible outcomes of an attempted dimer placement—deposition at the correct location, deposition at the wrong location, and failure to place the dimer at all—because the initial proposal was to position the tooltip by dead reckoning, with the proper reaction assured by designing appropriate chemical energetics and relative bond strengths for the tooltip-surface interaction.  More recent theoretical work[13] analyzes a complete set of nine molecular tools made from hydrogen, carbon and germanium able to (a) synthesize all tools in the set (b) recharge all tools in the set from appropriate feedstock molecules and (c) synthesize a wide range of stiff hydrocarbons (diamond, graphite, fullerenes, and the like). All required reactions are analyzed using standard ab initio quantum chemistry methods.  Further research [14] to consider alternate tips will require time-consuming computational chemistry and difficult laboratory work. In the early 2000s, a typical experimental arrangement was to attach a molecule to the tip of an atomic force microscope, and then use the microscope's precise positioning abilities to push the molecule on the tip into another on a substrate. Since the angles and distances can be precisely controlled, and the reaction occurs in a vacuum, novel chemical compounds and arrangements are possible.  The technique of moving single atoms mechanically was proposed by Eric Drexler in his 1986 book The Engines of Creation.  In 1988, researchers at IBM's Zürich Research Institute successfully spelled the letters "IBM" in xenon atoms on a cryogenic copper surface, grossly validating the approach. Since then, a number of research projects have undertaken to use similar techniques to store computer data in a compact fashion. More recently the technique has been used to explore novel physical chemistries, sometimes using lasers to excite the tips to particular energy states, or examine the quantum chemistry of particular chemical bonds.  In 1999, an experimentally proved methodology called feature-oriented scanning[15][16] (FOS) was suggested. The feature-oriented scanning methodology allows precisely controlling the position of the probe of a scanning probe microscope (SPM) on an atomic surface at room temperature. The suggested methodology supports fully automatic control of single- and multiprobe instruments in solving tasks of mechanosynthesis and bottom-up nanofabrication.  In 2003, Oyabu et al.[17] reported the first instance of purely mechanical-based covalent bond-making and bond-breaking, i.e., the first experimental demonstration of true mechanosynthesis—albeit with silicon rather than carbon atoms.  In 2005, the first patent application on diamond mechanosynthesis [18] was filed.  In 2008, a $3.1 million grant was proposed[19] to fund the development of a proof-of-principle mechanosynthesis system.  See also molecular nanotechnology, a more general explanation of the possible products, and discussion of other assembly techniques.  Mechanosynthesis Molecular assembler Molecular machine Brownian motor Productive nanosystems Nanorobotics Engines of Creation  Science portal  Technology portal v t e History Organizations Popular culture Outline Nanomedicine Nanotoxicology Green nanotechnology Hazards Regulation Fullerenes Carbon nanotubes Nanoparticles Self-assembled monolayer Supramolecular assembly DNA nanotechnology Molecular scale electronics Nanolithography Moore's law Semiconductor device fabrication Semiconductor scale examples Atomic force microscopy Scanning tunneling microscope Electron microscope Super resolution microscopy Nanotribology Molecular assembler Nanorobotics Mechanosynthesis Molecular engineering  Science portal  Technology portal v t e"
Mafikeng Game Reserve;" Mafikeng Game Reserve is a game reserve in South Africa. Located in the city of Mafikeng, the reserve includes 46 square kilometres of Kalahari and Acacia bushveld,[1] serving as the home of rhinoceroses, giraffes, gemsboks, buffaloes, wildebeests and springboks.    "
List of Queer Eye episodes;"   Queer Eye is an American reality television series that aired on Bravo from 2003 to 2007.  On January 24, 2017, Netflix announced it has ordered a new season of Queer Eye with eight episodes, with the original Fab Five set to be replaced by new members.[1] "
Asunaro;" Asunaro (あすなろ) is Japanese for Thujopsis, a type of evergreen tree. It may refer to:  Asunaro Hakusho, a manga series by Fumi Saimon. Asu-Naro  , an organization from the video game Your Turn To Die. (YTTD for short). Asunaro, an imaginary youth organization in the novel Kibō no Kuni no Exodus by Ryū Murakami. ASUNARO: Action for Youth Rights of Korea, youth rights organization in South Korea, comes from the aforesaid novel. Asunaro, a Japanese J-pop band. "Asunaro", a 2008 single by SunSet Swish. "Asunaro", a 2011 single by Kenichi Suzumura. "Asunaro", a song by Tsunenori from their 2009 album Promising."
Rimou;" Rimou (French pronunciation: ​[ʁimu], Breton: Rivoù, Gallo: Rimou) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department of Brittany in northwestern France.  Inhabitants of Rimou are called rimois in French.    This Ille-et-Vilaine geographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Communes of the Ille-et-Vilaine department"
Hy Hazell;"   Hyacinth Hazel O'Higgins (4 October 1919 – 10 May 1970), stage name Hy Hazell, was a British actress of theatre, musicals and revue as well as a contralto singer and film actress.[1][2] AllMusic described her as "an exuberant comic actor and lively singer and dancer".[3] A pretty brunette,  with long legs, she was billed as Britain's answer to  Betty Grable.[4]  Hazell was born in Streatham in South London on 4 October 1919.[a] As a teenager, she started life as a performer in the chorus of the West End production of Rodgers and Hart's On Your Toes (1937). She later had a long and successful run of leading roles in musicals, including Expresso Bongo at the Saville Theatre in 1958, as heartless Dixie Collins, as Mrs Squeezum in the Mermaid Theatre's Lock Up Your Daughters in 1959 (playing for almost 2,000 performances), as ex-Cochran girl Kay Connor in Charlie Girl at the Adelphi Theatre from 1965 , and as Mrs Peachum in a notable Beggar's Opera by the Prospect Theatre Company in 1968.[citation needed]  Her appearances also include:[5]  Hazell was in British films Meet Me at Dawn (1946), The Yellow Balloon (1953), and B-movies like The Body Said No! and  The Lady Craved Excitement (both 1950), the latter part allowing her to sing. Within the British tradition of having glamorous young women play the principal boy in pantos, she became a favourite. She established a reputation as "English pantomime's most distinguished post war principal boy". For years she was extremely popular in this seasonal form of theatre.[3]  Hazell's given named of Hyacinth was abbreviated to "Hy" by Nigel Patrick when they were in Italy during World War II entertaining troops.[6]  She married Edward Adam Primrose Jenkins, land agent to the Duke of Marlborough, in 1950, he died in June 1960 at age 50.[7]  In the summer of 1969, Hazell began playing Golde in Fiddler on the Roof in London's West End.[8] On 10 May 1970, a Sunday when there was no performance, she died accidentally by choking to death whilst eating a steak at a friend's house.[3][9] An inquest found that her blood showed a very high alcohol level: "A high enough level to account for some carelessness about eating and possibly the swallowing of food and therefore to have been almost a certain reason for her choking."[10][11]  A Talent to Amuse, 1969 – 1970, Phoenix Theatre, London. Miss Miniver, Ann Veronica, 17th April – May 1969, Cambridge Theatre, London. The Beggar’s Opera, 1968 – 1969, Apollo Theatre (Shaftesbury Avenue), London. The Confederacy, 19th – 24th October 1964, Cambridge Arts Theatre. Mollie Plummer, No Strings, 30th December 1963 – March 1964, Her / His Majesty’s Theatre, London. Dixie Collins, Expresso Bongo, started 31st March 1958, Alexandra Theatre, Birmingham and Saville Theatre, London. Esmeralda Leigh, Dead On Nine, started 24th August 1955, Westminster Theatre, London. Anne Etherton, Ten Men And A Miss, 18th June – 13th October 1951, Aldwych Theatre, London and Opera House, Manchester. The Dummy Talks (1943) (credited as Derna Hazell) Meet Me at Dawn (1947) Just William's Luck (1947) Paper Orchid (1949) Celia (1949) The Lady Craved Excitement (1950) The Body Said No! (1950) The Franchise Affair (1951) The Night Won't Talk (1952) The Yellow Balloon (1953) Forces' Sweetheart (1953) Stolen Assignment (1955) Up in the World (1956) The Mail Van Murder (Scotland Yard film series) (1957) The Key Man (1957) The Whole Truth (1958) Trouble with Eve (1960) Five Golden Hours (1961) What Every Woman Wants (1962) Every Home Should Have One (1970)"
2011 South American Rugby Championship "B";" The 2011 South American Rugby Championship "B" was the 12th edition of the second tier competition of the leading national Rugby Union teams in South America. It was organised by Peru during August 21–27, 2011 and was won by Venezuela.  The division "B"  (o Sudamericano “B”) was contested in Lima (Perú) from 21 to 28 August 2011. Participating nations were Peru, holder, Colombia, Venezuela and Costa Rica.  The winner was Venezuela, that will meet Paraguay (last of first division) for admission to the "A" 2012 Champsionship  2011 South American Rugby Championship "A" Details Results v t e 2014 2015 2016 2017 1951 1958 1961 1964 1967 1969 1971 1973 1975 1977 1979 1981 1983 1985 1987 1989 1991 1993 1995 1997 1998 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 South American Junior Rugby Championship"
Aachen-Mitte;" Aachen-Mitte is one of the seven boroughs of the city of Aachen, Germany, and contains the quarters of Beverau, Bildchen, Burtscheid, Forst, Frankenberg, Grüne Eiche, Hörn, Lintert, Pontviertel, Preuswald, Ronheide, Rothe Erde, Stadtmitte, Steinebrück and West.  As the center of the city of Aachen, the district is by far the most populated, with over 168,000 residents. It contains both the Aachen Cathedral and Aachen Rathaus, which are each near the city center, as well as Aachen's main theatre. Numerous squares, including Hansemannplatz, Kaiserplatz, and Lindenplatz are likewise contained within the district, as is the medieval Ponttor, which was one of the original gates in the wall surrounding the city.  Attractions include:  the Aachen Cathedral the Aachen Rathaus the Historical Altstadt the medieval Ponttor the association football stadium new Tivoli Frankenberg Castle Burtscheid Abbey Aachen's City Gardens the Lousberg, a high hill near downtown Aachen the  Elisenbrunnen, a hot water spring in downtown Aachen the Suermondt-Ludwig Museum, named for the Aachen entrepreneur Barthold Suermondt"
Nigerien Democratic Movement for an African Federation;" The Nigerien Democratic Movement for an African Federation (French: Mouvement démocratique nigérien pour une fédération africain, MODEN/FA-Lumana) is a political party in Niger, led by Hama Amadou.[1]  The party was established on 12 May 2009. It did not run in the 2009 parliamentary elections, but contested the 2011 general elections, putting forward Amadou as its presidential candidate, he finished third with 20% of the vote. In the parliamentary elections it won 23 of the 113 seats in the National Assembly.  Amadou ran for the presidency again in the 2016 general elections. He finished second in the first round of voting, receiving 18% of the vote, qualifying for the second round. However, the party boycotted the second round, resulting in Mahamadou Issoufou winning with 92% of the vote. The elections also saw the party win 25 seats in the National Assembly, which was expanded to 171 seats.  Singer Hamsou Garba is a notable supporter of the party, which led to her imprisonment, briefly, in Niamey in 2016.[2]    This article about a political party in Niger is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Politics of Niger Political parties Elections Human rights Slavery President Mohamed Bazoum Prime Minister Ouhoumoudou Mahamadou Cabinet Ministers President: Ousseini Tinni Regions Departments Communes Recent elections General: 20162020–21 General: 2016 2020–21 Political parties Politicians Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Cooperation and African Integration Minister: Hassoumi Massaoudou Diplomatic missions of / in Niger Passport Visa requirements Visa policy Other countries v t e"
Merger Island;"   Merger Island is an ice-covered island 6 kilometres (3 nmi) long at the entrance of Haydn Inlet, lying off the west coast of Alexander Island, Antarctica. It was first mapped from air photos taken by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition in 1947–48 by D. Searle of the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1960. The name given by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee is descriptive, the island being almost submerged in the surrounding Wilkins Ice Shelf.[1]   This article incorporates public domain material from "Merger Island". Geographic Names Information System. United States Geological Survey.    This Alexander Island location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands"
Embedded System Module;" Embedded System Module, or ESM, is a compact computer-on-module (COM) standard. An ESM module typically includes a CPU processor, memory, module-specific I/O interfaces and a number of basic front I/O connectors. They can be plugged on a carrier board or be used as a stand-alone processor card.  If the ESM module is plugged on a carrier, it relies on the standard PCI bus as a board-to-board interface. In this case two connectors create a link to the carrier. While the "J1" connector provides a specified PCI connection, the "J2" connector brings I/O signals from the ESM module to the carrier, which then includes all necessary connectors. The signal assignment of J2 is not fixed but can be completely customized, although there are reserved pins for a 64-bit PCI bus interface. A third connector, "J3", is used for additional I/O signals if the ESM module has no front I/O. The signal assignment of this connector is fixed to support a special set of I/O functions.  A large part of the I/O functions on ESMs are often controlled by an onboard FPGA component (field-programmable gate array) so that every module can easily be tailored to a specialized application through user-defined functions. Such functions are loaded into the FPGA as IP cores. Using FPGAs also reduces dependence on special controller chips which may become obsolete, thus extending the card's availability.  ESMs are typically used on boards for CompactPCI and VMEbus as well as single-board computers for embedded applications. A company standard by MEN Micro, a manufacturer of embedded computers, specifies the ESM concept and the different types of modules. The ESM specification defines one form factor for the printed circuit board: 149 × 71 mm (5.9 × 2.8 in).  Depending on the processor type, most ESM modules have heat sinks and can be operated in wide temperature ranges up to -40 to +85 °C.  A mechanical specialty of ESM modules is that their connectors are compatible with the PCI-104 module standard. These modules can be "stacked" onto ESM modules, e. g., for additional peripheral interfaces.  Computer-on-module Schmitz, M. (2005). ESM Embedded System Modules Specification, MEN Mikro Elektronik GmbH. Retrieved on 2015-09-21. v t e SSI MEB (411×330) SSI EEB (305×330) HPTX (345×381) WTX (356×425) SWTX (419×330) AT (351×305) ATX (305×244) EATX (Extended) (305×330) Baby-AT (330×216) WTX (356×425) BTX (325×267) LPX (330×229) SSI CEB (305x267) Ultra ATX (367×244) NLX (254×228) microATX (244×244) FlexATX (229×191) DTX (203×244) microBTX (264×267) Mini-DTX (203×170) EBX (203×146) Mini-ITX (170×170) Mini ATX (150×150) Mini-STX (140×147) EBX EPIC (Express) (165×115) ESM (149×71) Nano-ITX (120×120) COM Express (125×95) ESMexpress (125×95) ETX (114×95) XTX (114×95) NUC (102×102) Pico-ITX (100×72) PC/104 (-Plus) (96×90) ESMini (95×55) SMARC (82×80) Qseven (70×70) mobile-ITX (60×60) CoreExpress (58×65) Small Form Factor Special Interest Group"
Goldschmidtfjella;" Goldschmidtfjella is a mountain in Oscar II Land at Spitsbergen, Svalbard. It forms a 6 kilometer long nunatak in the glacier Osbornebreen, north of the head of St. Jonsfjorden, and reaches an altitude of 581 meters. The mountain is named after geologist and mineralogist Victor Moritz Goldschmidt. Nearby mountains are Carlsfjella to the west and Devikfjellet to the east.[1]  Coordinates: 78°38′48″N 13°13′04″E﻿ / ﻿78.6466°N 13.2179°E﻿ / 78.6466, 13.2179    This Spitsbergen mountain, mountain range, or peak related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Worshipful Company of Carpenters;"   The Worshipful Company of Carpenters is a livery company of the City of London. The Carpenters were traditionally different from a fellow wood-crafting company, the Worshipful Company of Joiners and Ceilers, in that carpenters utilised nails while joiners used adhesives to attach wood.  The organisation existed in 1271, it received a Royal Charter of incorporation in 1477. As is the case with most of the other livery companies, the Company no longer has a role as a trade association of tradesmen and craftsmen. Instead, it acts as a charitable institution and supports education in wood-related fields.  In 1767 the Company purchased an estate at Stratford, London. In 1886 it opened an evening institute on the Carpenters Estate there, offering classes in carpentry, joinery, plumbing, geometry, mechanical drawing and cookery. In 1891, the Carpenter's Institute had become a day school for boys. The school closed in 1905 when the local authority opened its own school.  The Company ranks twenty-sixth in the order of precedence of livery companies. The Company's motto is "Honour God". Its guild church is All Hallows-on-the-Wall, where the Company has held its annual elections for over 600 years. The livery hall, Carpenters Hall, is at Throgmorton Avenue, it is a Grade II listed building.[1]  Founded in 1724, the Carpenters' Company of the City and County of Philadelphia was modelled after the Worshipful Company of Carpenters.  London Building Co [1]  Coordinates: 51°31′00″N 0°05′10″W﻿ / ﻿51.51660°N 0.08606°W﻿ / 51.51660, -0.08606    This London-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
United States Post Office (Delmar, New York);" The U.S. Post Office in Delmar, New York is located on Delaware Avenue (NY 443) in the middle of the hamlet. It serves the 12054 ZIP Code, covering Delmar and its surrounding area. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. To date it is the only current post office in Albany County on the Register.[2]  It is a small brick building constructed in 1939, near the end of the Great Depression. Louis A. Simon, the Treasury Department's supervising architect at that time, designed 13 total post offices for New York in the Colonial Revival style similar to Delmar's. But that one was the only one from whose design he omitted a cupola. The lobby is decorated with a mural auspices, showing a scene of the Indian Ladder at nearby John Boyd Thacher State Park.  The post office is a one-story, five-bay brick building with stone water table. Its double-doored main entrance is at the top of a set of granite steps with iron railings. The door is surrounded by fluted Doric pilasters and an entablature, above it is a fanlight with cast aluminum eagle. The words "UNITED STATES POST OFFICE" are spelled out in bronze letters across the frieze, with "DELMAR 12054 NEW YORK" above the door.[1]  On either side of the door are two original lamps and two windows with limestone sills and lintels. A wooden dentiled cornice runs around the roofline. Above it is a slate gabled roof.[1]  The side elevations have a pair of windows each. The gable ends are sided in clapboard with a semicircular opening with radiating mullions. At the rear are two wings: one three-bay workroom wing where the cornice is replaced with a parapet. A four-bay wing, added later, duplicates the roof detailing on the main building but is not considered contributing.[1]  On the inside, the entry leads to a wooden vestibule with paneled pilasters. The L-shaped lobby has a red-and-black terrazzo floor, white marble dado and dark marble baseboards. They give way to plaster, which forms a simple cornice at the junction of wall and ceiling. A 1940 mural, "The Indian Ladder", by Works Progress Administration artist Sol Wilson fills the wall above the postmaster's office. Many of the original furnishings remain.[1]  Delmar had had a post office since 1840, in space leased in a building on Elsemere Avenue. A single-family house, demolished after the new building was authorized in the mid-1930s, stood on the present site. General contractors Loucks and Clarke of Wallingford, Connecticut won the bid and broke ground in 1939, opening the new building  the following year.[1]  The post office has seen only one significant change since then. The rear wing was built in 1959 to handle increased volume.[1]  Louis Simon, Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department, under whose jurisdiction the Post Office was at the time, designed 13 post offices in New York in a variation of the same basic model. Of these, Delmar's is the only one to not include a cupola in its original design (Attica's had one when built, but it has since been removed).[1] "
Dying Sun;" Dying Sun is the second full-length studio album by the French death metal band Yyrkoon.[1]      This 2000s death metal album–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This 2000s thrash metal album–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. "Idols Are Burning" – 0:30 "Crystal Light" – 3:42 "Flight of the Titan" – 5:00 "The Clans" – 3:51 "Thrash-em All" – 6:27 "Gods of Silver" – 2:58 "Stolen Souls" – 5:00 "Screamer" – 6:25 "Back to the Cave" – 4:35 "Dying Sun" – 1:56 Stéphane Souteryand - vocals, guitars François Falempin - guitars Geoffrey Gautier - keyboards Victorien Vilchez - bass Laurent Harrouart - drums"
Electoral results for the district of Chatsworth;"  This is a list of electoral results for the electoral district of Chatsworth in Queensland state elections. "
Governor Aiken;" Governor Aiken may refer to:  George Aiken (1892-1984), governor of Vermont (1937-1941) William Aiken Jr. (1806-1887), governor of South Carolina (1844-1846)"
1979 VFL Grand Final;"   The 1979 VFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between the   Carlton Football Club and Collingwood Football Club, held at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in Melbourne on  29 September 1979. It was the 83rd annual Grand Final of the Victorian Football League, staged to determine the premiers for the 1979 VFL season. The match, attended by 113,545 spectators, was won by Carlton by a margin of 5 points, marking that club's 12th premiership victory.  This was the first Grand Final appearance by Carlton in six years since losing the 1973 VFL Grand Final. The last time the Blues had been premiers was when they won the 1972 VFL Grand Final against Richmond. Collingwood had last appeared in a Grand Final two years previously, when it was defeated by North Melbourne in the 1977 VFL Grand Final. The Magpies had last won a flag in 1958.  At the conclusion of the home and away season, Carlton had finished first on the VFL ladder with 19 wins and 3 losses. Collingwood had finished third (behind North Melbourne) with 15 wins and 7 losses.  In the finals series leading up to the Grand Final, Collingwood lost to North Melbourne in the Qualifying Final by 39 points before beating Fitzroy in the First Semi-Final by 22 points to progress to the Preliminary Final. There they faced North Melbourne again, this time winning by 27 points to advance to the Grand Final. Carlton had a much easier finals run, defeating North Melbourne by 38 points in the Second Semi-Final to advance straight through to the Grand Final.  In the week leading up to the Grand Final, Collingwood ruckman Peter Moore was awarded the Brownlow Medal.  The game was played in rainy and muddy conditions. Collingwood planned to grind Carlton into the mud, and managed to take a 10-point lead into quarter time, keeping Carlton goalless. Twenty minutes into the second quarter, Collingwood had stretched their lead to 28 points. Carlton still hadn't scored a goal, and with the conditions only getting heavier, things were looking promising for the Magpies. Seemingly in desperation, Alex Jesaulenko moved himself out of the centre and brought in young pocket battleship Wayne Harmes. Suddenly, Carlton sparked into life, as goals to Harmes, Mark Maclure, Wayne Johnston and Jim Buckley saw the Blues grab the lead at half time by one point. Carlton capitalized on their momentum, scoring five goals to two and taking a 21-point lead at three quarter time. However, 18 minutes into the final quarter, the Blues' lead had been slashed to four points, with the Magpies having kicked the last three goals of the game.  Then occurred one of the most memorable moments in VFL/AFL history. With Carlton kicking to the City End, Harmes gathered the ball on the half-forward flank and hurried a kick forward. The kick floated into the right forward pocket, with no player from either team in the vicinity. Harmes chased his own kick as the ball bounced towards the boundary line, and dived to punch the ball back into play before the ball went over the line. Harmes' punch directed the ball into the goal square, where Ken Sheldon, who was running forward at the time, was able to gather the ball and score a goal, giving Carlton a ten-point buffer. Many Collingwood fans maintain to this day that the ball was out of bounds before Harmes punched it back in. The incident was one of the first two recreated for the Toyota Memorable Moments series of advertisements.  A successful left-foot snap by Collingwood centre half-forward Allan Edwards lifted the hopes of the Magpie army, but from the resultant bounce Carlton managed to move the ball forward where substitute Alex Marcou scored a point. Moments later, the siren sounded.  The inaugural Norm Smith Medal was awarded to Harmes for being judged the best player afield, much to the chagrin of Collingwood supporters who were still ranting about that goal, as well as the fact that Harmes was a grand-nephew of Norm Smith. However, it was Harmes who helped spark the second-quarter comeback when all seemed lost for Carlton.  Carlton's Alex Jesaulenko became the last ever player to captain-coach a team to victory in a Grand Final. During the final quarter he injured his ankle and had to leave the field on a stretcher.  Goals Carlton: Sheldon 3, Buckley 2, Maclure 2, Francis, Harmes, Jones, Young Goals Collingwood: Davis 4, Brewer, Carlson, Edwards, Ireland, Kink, Ohlsen, Wearmouth  Best Carlton: Harmes, Francis, Johnston, Buckley, Klomp, Armstrong Best Collingwood: Picken, Morris, Byrne, Davis, Barham, Ohlsen  Umpires: Bill Deller, Kevin Smith  1979 VFL season The Official statistical history of the AFL 2004 Article on the 1979 Grand Final from ABC Sport v t e 3. Fitzpatrick 5. Sheldon 7. Johnston 8. Keogh 11. Doull 12. Armstrong 16. Buckley 19. Young 20. Southby 21. Austin 22. Klomp 25. Jesaulenko (c) 28. Jones 33. McConville 34. Marcou 36. Maclure 37. Harmes 41. Brown 43. McKay 47. Francis v t e Nickname: Blues History Premierships and records Players Captains Coaches Awards John Nicholls Medal AFL Women's best and fairest Honour roll AFL coach: Michael Voss AFL captain: Patrick Cripps AFLW coach: Daniel Harford AFLW captain: Kerryn Harrington Princes Park (1897–2005) Melbourne Cricket Ground (2005–) Docklands Stadium (2002–) Princes Park (2017–) 1871 1873 1874 1875 1877 1887 1906 1907 1908 1914 1915 1938 1945 1947 1968 1970 1972 1979 1981 1982 1987 1995 1870 1871 1872 1873 1874 1875 1876 1877 1878 1879 1880 1881 1882 1883 1884 1885 1886 1887 1888 1889 1890 1891 1892 1893 1894 1895 1896 1897 1898 1899 1900 1901 1902 1903 1904 1905 1906 1907 1908 1909 1910 1911 1912 1913 1914 1915 1916 1917 1918 1919 1920 1921 1922 1923 1924 1925 1926 1927 1928 1929 1930 1931 1932 1933 1934 1935 1936 1937 1938 1939 1940 1941 1942 1943 1944 1945 1946 1947 1948 1949 1950 1951 1952 1953 1954 1955 1956 1957 1958 1959 1960 1961 1962 1963 1964 1965 1966 1967 1968 1969 1970 1971 1972 1973 1974 1975 1976 1977 1978 1979 1980 1981 1982 1983 1984 1985 1986 1987 1988 1989 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 1999 AFL First Preliminary Final 2002 salary cap breach Collingwood rivalry Essendon rivalry v t e Nickname: Magpies History Records Current squad Players Captains Coaches Awards Copeland Trophy AFL Women's best and fairest Leading goalkickers AFL coach: Craig McRae AFL captain: Scott Pendlebury AFLW coach: Stephen Symonds AFLW captains: Steph Chiocci & Brianna Davey Victoria Park (1897–1999) Melbourne Cricket Ground (2000–) Olympic Park Oval (2017–2018) Victoria Park (2019–) 1902 1903 1910 1917 1919 1927 1928 1929 1930 1935 1936 1953 1958 1990 2010 1892 1893 1894 1895 1896 1897 1898 1899 1900 1901 1902 1903 1904 1905 1906 1907 1908 1909 1910 1911 1912 1913 1914 1915 1916 1917 1918 1919 1920 1921 1922 1923 1924 1925 1926 1927 1928 1929 1930 1931 1932 1933 1934 1935 1936 1937 1938 1939 1940 1941 1942 1943 1944 1945 1946 1947 1948 1949 1950 1951 1952 1953 1954 1955 1956 1957 1958 1959 1960 1961 1962 1963 1964 1965 1966 1967 1968 1969 1970 1971 1972 1973 1974 1975 1976 1977 1978 1979 1980 1981 1982 1983 1984 1985 1986 1987 1988 1989 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 AIA Centre Anzac Day match Carlton rivalry Colliwobbles Eddie McGuire Mark Korda Joffa Corfe King's Birthday match Netball team New York Magpies Olympic Park Oval Presidents VFL team v t e Adelaide Brisbane Lions Carlton Collingwood Essendon Fremantle Geelong Gold Coast Greater Western Sydney Hawthorn Melbourne North Melbourne Port Adelaide Richmond St Kilda Sydney West Coast Western Bulldogs Brisbane Bears Fitzroy University 1897 1898 1899 1900 1901 1902 1903 1904 1905 1906 1907 1908 1909 1910 1911 1912 1913 1914 1915 1916 1917 1918 1919 1920 1921 1922 1923 1924 1925 1926 1927 1928 1929 1930 1931 1932 1933 1934 1935 1936 1937 1938 1939 1940 1941 1942 1943 1944 1945 1946 1947 1948 1949 1950 1951 1952 1953 1954 1955 1956 1957 1958 1959 1960 1961 1962 1963 1964 1965 1966 1967 1968 1969 1970 1971 1972 1973 1974 1975 1976 1977 1978 1979 1980 1981 1982 1983 1984 1985 1986 1987 1988 1989 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 1897 1898 1899 1900 1901 1902 1903 1904 1905 1906 1907 1908 1909 1910 1911 1912 1913 1914 1915 1916 1917 1918 1919 1920 1921 1922 1923 1924 1925 1926 1927 1928 1929 1930 1931 1932 1933 1934 1935 1936 1937 1938 1939 1940 1941 1942 1943 1944 1945 1946 1947 1948 1949 1950 1951 1952 1953 1954 1955 1956 1957 1958 1959 1960 1961 1962 1963 1964 1965 1966 1967 1968 1969 1970 1971 1972 1973 1974 1975 1976 1977 1978 1979 1980 1981 1982 1983 1984 1985 1986 1987 1988 1989 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Adelaide Oval Bellerive Oval Carrara Stadium Cazaly's Stadium Docklands Stadium Eureka Stadium The Gabba Kardinia Park Manuka Oval Marrara Oval Melbourne Cricket Ground Perth Stadium Stadium Australia Sydney Cricket Ground Sydney Showground Stadium Traeger Park York Park AFL Coaches Association awards AFL Players Association awards Leigh Matthews Trophy Leigh Matthews Trophy AFL Rising Star All-Australian team Brownlow Medal (winners) Coleman Medal Goal of the Year Mark of the Year Norm Smith Medal AFL Draft AFL finals series AFL Grand Final Anzac Day Eve match Anzac Day match Dreamtime at the 'G Easter Monday clash E. J. Whitten Legends Game Gather Round King's Birthday match Len Hall Tribute game Opening game QClash Showdown Sydney Derby Western Derby AFL Under-19 Championships NAB League Boys North East Australian Football League South Australian National Football League Victorian Football League West Australian Football League AFL Coaches Association AFL Commission AFL Players Association AFL Record AFL Umpires Association AFL Women's AFLX Carlton salary cap breach Current coaches Essendon supplements saga Games records 200-game players for one club 200-game players for one club Goal with first kick Goalkicking records Grand final location debate Grand Final pre-match performances History Individual match awards International Rules Series Kennett curse Melbourne tanking scandal Minor premiers Premiers Premiership captains/coaches Premiership/grand final statistics Proposed clubs Tasmanian AFL bid Tasmanian AFL bid Records Reserves affiliations Rivalries Television shows Victorian bias Video games Wooden spoons"
Socialization of animals;" Socialization of animals is the process of training animals so that they can be kept in close relationship to humans.  The critical period of socialization commences when they are approximately three weeks old and will continue until they are twelve to fourteen weeks old, during which they move to the next stage of development, the juvenile period.[1] This period of socialization is the time when puppies form social bonds, learn to explore and learn when/how to base fear.[2] Additionally, this stage consists of teaching them how to appropriately react and habituate to environmental changes in preparation for adulthood.[3] Habituation is the process when a puppy has gotten used to stimuli in their environment and therefore ignores it, deeming it non-threatening.[4] The puppy's future personality will be greatly influenced during the socialization period. Their temperament and character is developed throughout this period as well, which will last for the duration of their life. During the socialization stage, all five senses are being stimulated by exposure and desensitization of sights, sounds, tastes, smells and touch of things around them.[5]  It is critical that human interaction takes place frequently and calmly from the time the puppies are born, from simple, gentle handling to the mere presence of humans in the vicinity of the puppies, performing everyday tasks and activities. As the puppies grow older, socialization occurs more readily the more frequently they are exposed to other dogs, other people, and other situations. Dogs who are well socialized from birth, with both dogs and other species (especially people), are much less likely to be aggressive or to suffer from fear-biting.  The cognitional development of puppies can be affected when the critical period of socialization is disrupted. Physiological consequences of this period not occurring can lead to puppies maturing to adults who are not able to react appropriately to new environments, situations or people.[6] Additionally, behavioural issues can arise. Aggression, avoidance and fear are just some of the implications that can arise from a puppy not achieving the critical period of socialization.[7] It is estimated that one in four adult dogs have at least one behavioural problem.[4] Dogs are the animal which is typically the most closely attached to humans, developing tightly wound relationships with people.[8] Therefore, it is crucial for the safety of both parties that there is adequate training in place.  Dogs experience socialization through the critical period of socialization in two main types: active and passive.[5] Active implies the intended socialization of humans introducing their puppy to something/someone new (i.e. at obedience class or a ride in the car). However, passive involves socialization of the puppy to something/someone new in which they have done so unintentionally themselves (i.e. insects found in the backyard while exploring or items found while running around the house).[5]  Dogs will often learn two ways, by association and consequence.[7] Learning by association is classified as classical conditioning, while learning by consequence is called operant conditioning. With puppy socialization, classical conditioning involves pairing something they love with something within the environment.[7] Additionally, operant conditioning involves the puppy learning to do something to achieve getting what they want.[7] These two learning types can occur simultaneously with a puppy having the ability to learn both an internal and external response to a stimulus. In contrast, a puppy can also demonstrate methods of actively avoiding a situation they do not enjoy.[7]  The researchers, Fox and Stelzner did a socialization experiment on puppies of the same species. The major finding of this experiment is the fact that the puppies weaned from the mother at a later age (12 weeks) have better socialization skills. This proves that the beginning of a puppy's life is a very important time for socialization and will affect their social tendencies for the rest of their lives.[9]  Hennessey, Morris, and Linden conducted a socialization experiment using inmates as handlers of the shelter dogs being studied.  These researchers found that the dogs in the experimental group did not jump on and bark at unfamiliar humans as much as the dogs in the control group did. The socialized dogs also showed to be more responsive to commands than did the dogs in the control group. The researchers believe that through more effective socialization, more dogs can be adopted from shelters.[10]  Battagalia claims that there are 3 important periods during the first year of life for a puppy.  Her research shows that if puppies experience stimulation from humans during the first few months of their lives, they will be less likely to feel stress in their adult lives and they will be better socialized. She claims this is a very important thing for dog breeders to know to improve the success of their puppy's future lives.[1]  A study done by the six researchers, Topál, Gácsi, Miklósi, Zirányi, Kubinyi, and Csányi compares the inherent social tendencies between dog puppies and wolf puppies. What these researchers found was that dog puppies showed attachment to their owners and showed to be more responsive to their owner than an unfamiliar person. The wolf puppies did not show to be more responsive to their owners than to an unfamiliar human. Researchers concluded that this is a genetic difference between species.[11]  These six researchers attempted to answer the question, "Why?" in their next experiment. They found that dogs were more successful in finding hidden food and in completing a learned task than wolves were. The most prominent observation these researchers made was that the dogs would look into the eyes of the human as if looking for a clue and the wolves would not look at the faces of the humans.  They concluded that this is a genetic difference between the two species as a result of evolution.[12]  Monkeys are often studied because of the close evolutionary relationship between monkeys and humans. Like humans, some monkeys tend to show declining social activity with age. Research has shown that older females spent less time grooming other and interacted with fewer animals than younger individuals did.[13]  Bernstein and Ehardt conducted an experiment on aggressive behavior of rhesus monkeys. They found that the monkeys showed more aggression towards kin than non-kin, mostly from older kin to younger kin.  This supports the hypothesis that aggression is used in socialization and correction of inappropriate behaviors in the immature monkeys. If the aggression is no more severe than is needed to correct the behavior, it can improve the survival rate of all the relatives.[14]  In 1980, Berman researched the mother-infant relationship of rhesus monkeys both in the wild and in captivity.  She found many similarities between the two parenting styles but some minor differences. The captive mother has been described as more protective and less willing to let their infant out of their control. The difference that likely has to most effect on this relationship is, the wild monkey has kin around which helps with the socialization of the infant, and the mother in captivity does not. This shows how environmental factors can affect the early socialization of infant rhesus monkeys.[15]  Socialization at a young age has been seen to affect sexual behavior in the adult rhesus monkey, in a study done by, Gold, Wallen, and Goldfoot. This is not seen as prominently in rats, and other small animals as it is in primates. The monkeys have difficulty acting normally even when a sexual opportunity presents itself, this is due to the fact that they have affectional disorders that they do not often overcome.[16]  It is very difficult to study the lives of isolated children so researchers have turned to studying the effect of total isolation on rhesus monkeys. Completely isolated monkey's first response to stimulus is fear or aggression.  They do not learn any normal socio-emotional skills. When these monkeys are able to come in contact with a group, they do not know how to interact and would not be able to survive in a group.[17]  Socialization Animal training Interspecies friendship"
Hawi;" Hawi may refer to:  Al-Hawi, Hadhramaut, a village in eastern Yemen Hawi, Hawaii Hawi (film), a 2010 film George Hawi, Lebanese politician Khalil Hawi, Lebanese poet William Hawi, Lebanese politician"
Andesiana similis;"   Andesiana similis is a moth of the Andesianidae family. It is known from Argentina (Neuquén Province).  The length of the forewings is 17.4–18.2 mm for males and about 21 mm for females. Adults fly from late October to mid-December in Nothofagus dombeyi forests with an understory of Chusquea culeou. They occur at altitudes between 640 and 950 meters.    This moth-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Andesianidae, a new family of monotrysian moths (LepidopteraiAndesianoidea) from austral South America v t e"
Owen Baldwin;"   Captain Owen Morgan Baldwin DFC* (21 February 1893 – 12 January 1942) was a British World War I flying ace credited with 16 aerial victories.[3] Post-war he was a successful professional motorcycle racer, and for a time holder of the official motorcycle land-speed record.[4]  Baldwin was a mechanical engineer in civilian life. He joined No. 73 Squadron RAF, which was tasked with ground support missions, and became a flight leader as well as the squadron's leading ace.[5] His most notable day in action was 15 September 1918, when he scored five victories by destroying two German Fokker D.VIIs and an observation plane, and driving down two more D.VIIs out of control. His victory roll is notable for having only three "soft" victories scored by driving an enemy down instead of destroying him.[3]  Baldwin was confirmed in rank as a Flying Officer, effective 7 March 1925.[6] He was also in service during World War II, he was commissioned a Flying Officer in the RAF Reserve on 12 December 1939.[7]  Post-war Baldwin became one of the first professional motorcycle racers. He competed twice in the Isle of Man TT Senior Race, riding a Martin in 1921, but failing to finish,[10] and riding a Rudge in 1922 and coming 14th.[11] He eventually found fame riding a Zenith V twin at Brooklands, competing in solo and sidecar races ranging from a single lap to 500 miles.[4] He also competed in hillclimbing events, setting a record time at the Kop Hill event in Princes Risborough on a Matchless-MAG in 1923,[12] and coming second in 1925.[13] He was awarded the Brooklands Gold Star Medal for completing a lap at an average speed over 100 mph (160 km/h) in 1927, and competed in the Brooklands 200 mile race four times between 1925 and 1929, winning once, and coming third three times.  Baldwin's greatest achievement came at Arpajon in 1928 when riding his Zenith-JAP he became the first man to ride a measured kilometre at an average speed of over 200 km/h (120 mph), taking the official FIM motorcycle land-speed record.[4]  In 1923 Baldwin entered into a partnership with Edward Alexander Burney of Burney & Blackburne to form to the company Burney, Baldwin & Co. Ltd. The company manufactured high-quality motorcycles, but was wound up in 1927.[14] "
Route redistribution;" In a router, route redistribution allows a network that uses one routing protocol to route traffic dynamically based on information learned from another routing protocol.  On the Internet, routers forward data packets between computer networks.[1][2]  In order for a router to determine where to forward each packet, it may use:  In a small network such as a home or home office, a default route is often used to send all traffic to the user's Internet service provider.  Likewise, medium-sized networks such as branch offices or small Internet service providers may use default routes for traffic intended for the public Internet.  But in medium-sized and large networks, routers use dynamic routing protocols to determine the best paths to various network destinations.  Sometimes, a network may use more than one dynamic routing protocol, for example, if two different companies merge or if networking devices from multiple vendors are used.[8]  In such networks, it is often useful to redistribute information from one routing protocol into another.[9]  Route redistribution may be used to allow different networks belonging to the same company to communicate with each other.  It may also be used when two companies merge and their networks use different routing protocols.  And it may be used in conjunction with VRFs or MP-BGP.  If not implemented carefully, route redistribution may cause routing loops.  Each routing protocol contains loop-avoidance mechanisms, but the information needed for loops to be avoided is lost when routes are redistributed.  For example, a distance-vector routing protocol may prevent loops by the "split-horizon" rule, that is to say, if a router learns a route from a particular interface it will not re-advertise the route out the same interface.  In other words if A learns from B that the path to C is through B then it will not tell B to route packets destined for C through A.  Likewise, a link-state routing protocol may keep a database containing the state of different links in the network, representing a "map" (so to speak) of the network.  But the portion of the network whose routes are learned by redistribution are not "mapped" in the same way.  The "where did I learn this route?" information is lost in the redistribution process.  The chance of loops is increased if there are more than one router that performs redistribution in the same network, and if redistribution occurs in both directions (for example, both from EIGRP into OSPF and from OSPF into EIGRP).  default or static routes that are manually configured,[3][4] on-demand routing,[5] dynamic routing protocols,[6] or Policy-based routing.[7]"
Conservative Lutheran Association;" The World Confessional Lutheran Association was established in 1965 by a group of pastors and lay people who were concerned about trends in the American Lutheran Church and other synods which were contrary to what they believed were the historical beliefs and practice of Lutheranism.  In 1980 through the involvement of Lutherans Alert National the group was renamed Conservative Lutheran Association (CLA)..[1][2] It has 994 baptized members[3] and is a member of the National Association of Evangelicals.[4]  This article relating to Lutheranism is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Augsburg Lutheran Churches Evangelical Lutheran Church in America Latvian Evangelical Lutheran Church in America Lutheran Congregations in Mission for Christ North American Lutheran Church Association of Confessional Lutheran Churches Church of the Lutheran Confession Concordia Lutheran Conference Evangelical Lutheran Synod Independent Lutheran Diocese Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod Lutheran Churches of the Reformation Orthodox Lutheran Confessional Conference Protes'tant Conference United Lutheran Mission Association Wisconsin Evangelical Lutheran Synod American Association of Lutheran Churches Association of Free Lutheran Congregations Evangelical Lutheran Conference & Ministerium of North America Conservative Lutheran Association Lutheran Ministerium and Synod – USA Apostolic Lutheran Church of America Church of the Lutheran Brethren of America Laestadian Lutheran Church Old Apostolic Lutheran Church Evangelical Catholic Church Evangelical Lutheran Diocese of North America Lutheran Church - International v t e"
Bucharest Metro Line M2;"   M2 (18.68 km (11.6 mi)) is one of the five lines of metro of the Bucharest Metro.[2][3] The M2 Line runs from Pipera to Berceni, thus linking the north to the south of the city. The line is the busiest on the system, passing through a multitude of neighbourhoods, and also the only line to serve the centre of the city.  The line was built during the 1980s when the industrial development in Romania was in full swing. A north-south metro line was crucial, seeing as other methods of public transport were very crowded and cars were very rare. As such the construction of this line was prioritised over others such as the M4, which was only completed recently. The building of the M2 line led to the removal in 1987 of the trolleybus lines linking Berceni to Băneasa, those lines, put in place in 1962, were made obsolete by the opening of the metro, according to the city planners at the time.  The M2 line was opened in two steps:[4]  A unique station on the Bucharest Metro is Piața Romană, which was shelved from the initial plan. It was built after the opening of the line in 1987, and this can be noticed easily, the platforms are very narrow and the pillars are massive. The station opened on 28 November 1988.[5]  As it stands now, the line is currently overcapacity due to the massive amount of commuters using the line, and also the gap left due to the removal of trolleybus lines. Aside from this, the line infrastructure has reached its maximum age usage, and is prone to various incidents. Metrorex announced on 30 May 2019 that the line will undergo renovations over a 48-month period, although a beginning date on the works has yet to be announced.  The M2 uses new, CAF trains. The CAF trains were bought in 2014 so that the Movia trains could run on the M1 and M3, replacing the old Astra IVA trains that were moved to the new line of M4.[6][7]  An at-grade extension toward the Bucharest South Ring Road, with a length of 1.6 km (1.0 mi) and one station, was approved and has been under construction since January 2020.[8][9] The name of the new station will be Tudor Arghezi (after the writer Tudor Arghezi). The project includes also a park and ride facility with 600 places and it's expected to be completed in two years.[10]  Stations and lines in italics are planned or under construction.  Berceni Pipera view talk edit Berceni – Piața Unirii on 24 January 1986, Piata Unirii – Pipera on 25 October 1987."
Khalid ibn Abi Habib al-Fihri;" Khalid ibn Abi Habib al-Fihri (Arabic: خالد بن أبي حبيب الفهري) (?-October, 740) was an Arab military commander in North Africa during the Berber Revolt, who led the Arab army that was defeated at the Battle of the Nobles in late 740.  The chronicles are oddly ambiguous on the biographical details of Khalid ibn Abi Habib.  It is acknowledged (e.g. Ibn Khaldun, p. 360) that he was a member of the illustrious Fihrid family, descendants of the great Arab conqueror Oqba ibn Nafi al-Fihri.  The patronymic structure suggests Khalid is the son of the father of Habib, which would imply that it is likely Khalid was the brother of Habib ibn Abi Obeida al-Fihri, the principal military commander of Ifriqiya. But this is not confirmed.[note 1]  When the Berber Revolt of Maysara al-Matghari broke out in Morocco in 740, the bulk of the Ifriqiyan army, under the commander Habib ibn Abi Obeida al-Fihri was overseas, on campaign in Sicily.  The governor of Ifriqiya Ubayd Allah ibn al-Habhab immediately dispatched instructions to Habib break off the expedition and ship the army back to Africa.  But this would take time, and the rebels had, in the meantime, taken Tangiers and seized the whole length of Morocco.  To keep the Berber rebels in check until the Sicilian expedition army returned, Obeid Allah assembled a cavalry-heavy column composed largely of the aristocratic Arab elite of Kairouan, and placed it under the command of Khalid ibn Abi Habib.  This column was dispatched immediately to Tangiers and instructed to serve as the vanguard until the Sicilian expeditionary force under Habib disembarked and caught up with them.[1]  Khalid ibn Abi Habib encountered the Berber rebel army in the outskirts of Tangiers, and after a couple of skirmishes, forced them to pull back.[2]  As per the instructions he was given, Khalid held his position south of Tangiers, awaiting the reinforcements from Sicily.  But before junction could be made, the Berber rebel army, under a new commander, Khalid ibn Hamid al-Zanati, fell upon the Arab column in October/November 740.  Khalid ibn Abi Habib and his column, the flower of the Ifriqiyan nobility, was annihilated by the Berbers in what became known as the Battle of the Nobles.  Battle of the Nobles (740) † Fihrids Battle of the Nobles Berber Revolt"
John McMillan (economist);"   John McMillan (1951 – 13 March 2007) was the Jonathan B. Lovelace professor of economics in Stanford University's Graduate School of Business, and one of the world's leading economic theorists and applied microeconomists. His career was initially marked by important contributions to auction theory and mechanism design. In the 1980s, he worked on the use of incentives in state owned enterprises in China and policies for emerging economies. His recent work has examined entrepreneurship in those economies, as well as the institutional structure for economic development.  Born in Christchurch, New Zealand, John McMillan's undergraduate education was in mathematics and economics at the University of Canterbury. He completed his PhD in economics at the University of New South Wales before moving to the University of Western Ontario, Canada. From 1987 to 1999, he was a professor at the University of California, San Diego, before moving to Stanford University. McMillan died on 13 March 2007, of complications arising from cancer, at age 56.  Reinventing the Bazaar: A Natural History of Markets, New York, W. W. Norton, 2002. Reforming Asian Socialism: The Growth of Market Institutions, Ann Arbor: University of Michigan Press, 1996 (editor, with Barry Naughton) Games, Strategies, and Managers, New York and Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1992. Incentives in Government Contracting, Toronto: University of Toronto Press, 1988 (with R. Preston McAfee) Game Theory in International Economics, New York: Harwood, 1986. John McMillan's academic website Obituary (Business Wire) ISNI 1 1 VIAF 1 1 WorldCat France (data) Germany United States Japan Czech Republic Korea Netherlands Sweden CiNii (Japan) zbMATH SUDOC (France) 1 1 Trove (Australia) 1 1"
Arctic tern;"   Sterna portlandicaSterna pikei  The Arctic tern (Sterna paradisaea) is a tern in the family Laridae. This bird has a circumpolar breeding distribution covering the Arctic and sub-Arctic regions of Europe (as far south as Brittany), Asia, and North America (as far south as Massachusetts). The species is strongly migratory, seeing two summers each year as it migrates along a convoluted route from its northern breeding grounds to the Antarctic coast for the southern summer and back again about six months later. Recent studies have shown average annual round-trip lengths of about 70,900 km (44,100 mi) for birds nesting in Iceland and Greenland and about 48,700 km (30,300 mi) for birds nesting in the Netherlands. These are by far the longest migrations known in the animal kingdom. The Arctic tern  nests once every one to three years (depending on its mating cycle).  Arctic terns are medium-sized birds. They have a length of 28–39 cm (11–15 in) and a wingspan of 65–75 cm (26–30 in).[3] They are mainly grey and white plumaged, with a red/orange beak and feet, white forehead, a black nape and crown (streaked white), and white cheeks. The grey mantle is 305 mm (12.0 in), and the scapulae are fringed brown, some tipped white. The upper wing is grey with a white leading edge, and the collar is completely white, as is the rump. The deeply forked tail is whitish, with grey outer webs.  Arctic terns are long-lived birds, with many reaching fifteen to thirty years of age. They eat mainly fish and small marine invertebrates. The species is abundant, with an estimated two million individuals. While the trend in the number of individuals in the species as a whole is not known, exploitation in the past has reduced this bird's numbers in the southern reaches of its ranges.  The genus name Sterna is derived from Old English "stearn", "tern".[4] The specific paradisaea is from Late Latin paradisus, "paradise".[5] The Scots names pictarnie,[6] tarrock[7] and their many variants are also believed to be onomatopoeic, derived from the distinctive call.[8] Due to the difficulty in distinguishing the two species, all the informal common names are shared with the common tern.[9]  The Arctic tern has a continuous worldwide circumpolar breeding distribution, there are no recognized subspecies. It can be found in coastal regions in cooler temperate parts of North America and Eurasia during the northern summer. During the southern summer, it can be found at sea, reaching the northern edge of the Antarctic ice.[10]  The Arctic tern is famous for its migration, it flies from its Arctic breeding grounds to the Antarctic and back again each year. The shortest distance between these areas is 19,000 km (12,000 mi). The long journey ensures that this bird sees two summers per year and more daylight than any other creature on the planet.[11] One example of this bird's remarkable long-distance flying abilities involves an Arctic tern ringed as an unfledged chick on the Farne Islands, Northumberland, UK, in the northern summer of 1982 that reached Melbourne, Australia in October, just three months after fledging – a journey of more than 22,000 km (14,000 mi).[12] Another example is that of a chick ringed in Labrador, Canada, on 23 July 1928. It was found in South Africa four months later.[13]  A 2010 study using tracking devices attached to the birds showed that the above examples are not unusual for the species. In fact, the study showed that previous research had seriously underestimated the annual distances travelled by the Arctic tern. Eleven birds that bred in Greenland or Iceland covered 70,900 km (44,100 mi) on average in a year, with a maximum of 81,600 km (50,700 mi). The difference from previous estimates is due to the birds taking meandering courses rather than following a straight route as was previously assumed. The birds follow a somewhat convoluted course in order to take advantage of prevailing winds.[14] The average Arctic tern lives about 30 years and will, based on the above research, travel some 2.4 million km (1.5 million mi) during its lifetime, the equivalent of a roundtrip from Earth to the Moon more than three times.[15]  A 2013 tracking study of half a dozen Arctic terns breeding in the Netherlands[16] shows average annual migrations of c. 48,700 km (30,300 mi). On their way south, these birds roughly followed the coastlines of Europe and Africa.[17]  Arctic terns usually migrate sufficiently far offshore that they are rarely seen from land outside the breeding season.[18]  The Arctic tern is a medium-sized bird around 33–36 cm (13–14 in) from the tip of its beak to the tip of its tail. The wingspan is 76–85 cm (30–33 in).[18] The weight is 86–127 g (3.0–4.5 oz). The beak is dark red, as are the short legs and webbed feet. Like most terns, the Arctic tern has high aspect ratio wings and a tail with a deep fork.[18]  The adult plumage is grey above, with a black nape and crown and white cheeks. The upperwings are pale grey, with the area near the wingtip being translucent. The tail is white, and the underparts pale grey. Both sexes are similar in appearance. The winter plumage is similar, but the crown is whiter and the bills are darker.[18]  Juveniles differ from adults in their black bill and legs, "scaly" appearing wings, and mantle with dark feather tips, dark carpal wing bar, and short tail streamers.[18] During their first summer, juveniles also have a whiter forecrown.[19]  The species has a variety of calls, the two most common being the alarm call, made when possible predators (such as humans or other mammals) enter the colonies, and the advertising call.[20]  While the Arctic tern is similar to the common and roseate terns, its colouring, profile, and call are slightly different. Compared to the common tern, it has a longer tail and mono-coloured bill, while the main differences from the roseate are its slightly darker colour and longer wings. The Arctic tern's call is more nasal and rasping than that of the common, and is easily distinguishable from that of the roseate.[21]  This bird's closest relatives are a group of South Polar species, the South American (Sterna hirundinacea), Kerguelen (S. virgata), and Antarctic (S. vittata) terns.[22]  The immature plumages of Arctic tern were originally described as separate species, Sterna portlandica and Sterna pikei.[23]  Breeding begins around the third or fourth year.[24] Arctic terns mate for life and, in most cases, return to the same colony each year.[25] Courtship is elaborate, especially in birds nesting for the first time.[26] Courtship begins with a so-called "high flight", where a female will chase the male to a high altitude and then slowly descend. This display is followed by "fish flights", where the male will offer fish to the female. Courtship on the ground involves strutting with a raised tail and lowered wings. After this, both birds will usually fly and circle each other.[26]  Both sexes agree on a site for a nest, and both will defend the site. During this time, the male continues to feed the female. Mating occurs shortly after this.[26] Breeding takes place in colonies on coasts, islands and occasionally inland on tundra near water. It often forms mixed flocks with the common tern. It lays from one to three eggs per clutch, most often two.[18]  It is one of the most aggressive terns, fiercely defensive of its nest and young. It will attack humans and large predators, usually striking the top or back of the head. Although it is too small to cause serious injury to an animal of a human's size, it is still capable of drawing blood, and is capable of repelling many raptorial birds, polar bears[27] and smaller mammalian predators such as foxes and cats.[11]  The nest is usually a depression in the ground, which may or may not be lined with bits of grass or similar materials. The eggs are mottled and camouflaged.[18] Both sexes share incubation duties. The young hatch after 22–27 days and fledge after 21–24 days.[18] If the parents are disturbed and flush from the nest frequently the incubation period could be extended to as long as 34 days.[20]  When hatched, the chicks are downy. Neither altricial nor precocial, the chicks begin to move around and explore their surroundings within one to three days after hatching.[28] Usually they do not stray far from the nest. Chicks are brooded by the adults for the first ten days after hatching.[29] Both parents care for hatchlings.[18] Chick diets always include fish, and parents selectively bring larger prey items to chicks than they eat themselves.[20] Males bring more food than females. Feeding by the parents lasts for roughly a month before being weaned off slowly.[18] After fledging, the juveniles learn to feed themselves, including the difficult method of plunge-diving.[30] They will fly south to winter with the help of their parents.[31]  Arctic terns are long-lived birds that spend considerable time raising only a few young, and are thus said to be K-selected.[32]  A 1957 study in the Farne Islands estimated an annual survival rate of 82%.[33]  The diet of the Arctic tern varies depending on location and time, but is usually carnivorous. In most cases, it eats small fish or marine crustaceans.[10][18] Fish species comprise the most important part of the diet, and account for more of the biomass consumed than any other food. Prey species are immature (1–2-year-old) shoaling species such as herring, cod, sandlances, and capelin.[11] Among the marine crustaceans eaten are amphipods, crabs and krill. Sometimes, these birds also eat molluscs, marine worms, or berries, and on their northern breeding grounds, insects.[28]  Arctic terns sometimes dip down to the surface of the water to catch prey close to the surface. They may also chase insects in the air when breeding.[28] It is also thought that Arctic terns may, in spite of their small size, occasionally engage in kleptoparasitism by swooping at birds so as to startle them into releasing their catches.[28] Several species are targeted—conspecifics, other terns (like the common tern), and some auk and grebe species.[20]  While nesting, Arctic terns are vulnerable to predation by cats and other animals.[10] Besides being a competitor for nesting sites, the larger herring gull steals eggs and hatchlings. Camouflaged eggs help prevent this, as do isolated nesting sites.[30] Scientists have experimented with bamboo canes erected around tern nests. Although they found fewer predation attempts in the caned areas than in the control areas, canes did not reduce the probability of predation success per attempt.[34] While feeding, skuas, gulls, and other tern species will often harass the birds and steal their food.[35]  The total population for the arctic tern is estimated at more than two million individuals, with more than half of the population in Europe. The breeding range is very large, and although the population is considered to be decreasing, this species is evaluated as a species of least concern by the IUCN.[1] Arctic terns are among the species to which the Agreement on the Conservation of African-Eurasian Migratory Waterbirds applies.[36]  The population in New England was reduced in the late nineteenth-century because of hunting for the millinery trade.[20] Exploitation continues in western Greenland, where the population of the species has been reduced greatly since 1950.[37] In Iceland, the Arctic tern has been regionally uplisted to Vulnerable as of 2018, due to the crash of sandeel (Ammodytes spp.) stocks.[38]  At the southern part of their range, the Arctic tern has been reducing in numbers. Much of this is due to a lack of food.[19] However, most of these birds' range is extremely remote, with no apparent trend in the species as a whole.[28] The Arctic terns' dispersal pattern is affected by changing climatic conditions,[39] and its ability to feed in its Antarctic wintering is dependent on sea-ice cover, but unlike breeding species, it is able to move to a different area if necessary, and can be used as a control to investigate the effect of climate change on breeding species.[40]  The Arctic tern has appeared on the postage stamps of several countries and dependent territories. The territories include Åland, Alderney, and Faroe Islands. Countries include Canada, Finland, Iceland, and Cuba.[41]  Arctic tern migration is a central theme of the 2020 novel Migrations by Charlotte McConaghy.[42]   "
David Dunbar Buick;"   David Dunbar Buick (September 17, 1854 – March 5, 1929) was a Scottish-born American Detroit-based inventor, best known for founding the Buick Motor Company. He headed this company and its predecessor from 1899–1906, thereby helping to create one of the most successful nameplates in United States motor vehicle history.  Buick was born in Arbroath, Scotland and moved to Detroit at the age of two with his family. He left school in 1869 and worked for a company which made plumbing goods.[1] When the company ran into trouble in 1882, he and a partner took it over. At this time Buick began to show his promise as an inventor, producing many innovations including a lawn sprinkler, and a method for permanently coating cast iron with vitreous enamel which allowed the production of "white" baths at lower cost. Although cast iron baths are uncommon nowadays, the method is still in use for enameling them. With the combination of Buick's innovation and his partner's sound business management the company became quite successful.  During the 1890s, Buick developed an interest in internal combustion engines and began experimenting with them. He was spending little time on the plumbing business, and his business partner became impatient with him. The partnership was dissolved and the company was sold.  Buick now had the time and capital to work on engines full-time, and he set up a new company, the Buick Auto-Vim and Power Company, in 1899 to do so. The stated aim of the company was to market engines for agricultural use. Buick soon turned to the development of a complete car, rather than just an engine. He also concentrated on research and development at the expense of manufacturing and sales. The result was that he consumed his capital by early-1902 without having generated any significant return, only a single car.  In early-1902, he established the Buick Manufacturing Company, with the objectives of marketing engines to other car companies, and manufacturing and selling its own cars. Manufacturing and development problems ensued, and, at the end of 1902, Buick was out of money with only one car to show for his work. The concentration on development had produced the revolutionary "Valve-in-Head" overhead valve engine. This method of engine construction produces a much more powerful engine than the rival side valve engine design used by all other manufacturers at the time. Overhead valve engines are used by most car manufacturers today, but now only GM and Chrysler produce the "push-rod" variant with any regularity. Since overhead cam engines are design variants of OHV engines, it is fair to classify virtually all modern engines as derivatives of Buick's invention.  The money ran out again, and in 1903 Buick was forced to raise more money via a $5,000 loan (equivalent to $151,000 in 2021)[2] from a friend and fellow car enthusiast, Benjamin Briscoe. With this financial help, Buick formed the Buick Motor Company, which would eventually become the cornerstone of the General Motors empire.  In 1906, Buick accepted a severance package and left the company that he had founded, with only one share of the company in his possession. Then president of Buick, William C. Durant, bought this share from him for $100,000[3] (equivalent to $3,000,000 in 2021).[2]  After unsuccessful investments in California oil and Florida land, and an attempt (with his son Tom) to manufacture carburetors, Buick made a brief return to the automotive business in 1921, as president of the short-lived Lorraine Motors, and in 1923 with the design of the Dunbar, an automobile prototype.[4]  In an interview with historian Bruce Catton in 1928, Buick admitted that he was almost completely broke, unable to even afford a telephone, and worked as an instructor at the Detroit School of Trades.[4]  He died of colon cancer on March 5, 1929, at the age of 74[4] and was buried at Woodmere Cemetery in Detroit, Michigan.  Commentator Theodore F. McManus noted that "Fame beckoned to David Buick.  He sipped from the cup of greatness, and then spilled what it held."[4]   In 2000, automotive historian Vincent Curcio observed that "To date, over 35,000,000 motor cars have been built in his name, which will never be lost to history."[4]  He was inducted into the Automotive Hall of Fame in 1974.[5] "
Roger Pusey;"   Roger Pusey is a former BBC Radio 1 producer who worked on the Peel Sessions.[1] He was previously producer of the station's Tony Blackburn morning show.[2]  He produced versions of a number of tracks for The Smiths including "This Charming Man",[3] "What Difference Does It Make",[3] and "This Night Has Opened My Eyes"[4] on the compilation albums: Hatful of Hollow and Louder Than Bombs.  In addition, Pusey produced tracks for David Bowie and New Model Army.[5]  In 2010 he co-produced the debut EP Atlas by singer-songwriter Joshua Fisher.    This UK musical biography article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
George Brown (footballer, born 1880);"   George "Gee Gee" Gravar Brown (born 17 January 1880) was a footballer who played in the Football League. Born in Kirkley in Suffolk, England he started his career with his home town club Kirkley before spells at Dulwich Hamlet and Woolwich Arsenal. He joined Stoke City in 1903 where he turned professional, before moving to Norwich City, Millwall Athletic, Gainsborough Trinity and finally Sheffield United.  Brown began his football career as an amateur with his home town club of Kirkley some time around the end of the Nineteenth Century before moving to London to join another amateur side Dulwich Hamlet. In 1903 he joined Woolwich Arsenal but failed to make an appearance before moving north to sign for Stoke a year later.[2]  Brown made his Football League debut whilst at Stoke, in a home fixture against Derby County on 1 September 1904.[1] He made eight league appearances in total whilst at Stoke before moving to Norwich City in 1905.[2] Having made nineteen league appearances for Norwich, scoring one goal, he returned to London to sign for Millwall Athletic in 1906. Having made 25 league appearances for Millwall, Brown returned north the following season to sign for Lincolnshire side Gainsborough Trinity.[2]  After making 18 league appearances for Trinity, Brown was transferred to Sheffield United as a make-weight in the deal that took fellow Trinity player Joe Kitchen to Bramall Lane in March 1908, the pair moving for a combined fee of £600.[1] Brown's United career got off to a poor start as he was late arriving for his debut game, an away fixture at Sunderland, having missed his rail connection at York and had to take to the field two minutes into the game. Signed on the basis of being a "fast and tricky" winger, he failed to impress, with the local media claiming that he 'held onto the ball too long',[1] and he made only one more league appearance for the Blades before being released at the end of the 1908–09 season.[1]  After his football career finished it was reported in 1925 that Brown was the caretaker of the British Seaman's Institute in Tarragona in Spain.[1] He returned to England before the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War and later took up positions as clerk of works at various airfields that were being built.[1]  Source:[3] "
Fabiola (novel);"   Fabiola or, the Church of the Catacombs is a novel by the English Cardinal Nicholas Wiseman.[1] It was first published in 1854. The novel has been adapted to film three times.  The story is set in Rome the early 4th century AD, during the time of the persecution of Christians under the Roman Emperor Diocletian.  The heroine of the book is Fabiola, a young beauty from a noble Roman family. She is spoiled by her father Fabius, who cannot deny her anything. Fabiola seems to have everything, including a superior education in the philosophers, yet under the surface, she is not content with her life. One day, in a fit of rage, she attacks and wounds her slave girl Syra, who is a secret Christian. The proud, spoiled Roman girl is humbled by Syra's humility, maturity and devotion to her in this situation, and a slow transformation begins, which finally culminates in her conversion to Christianity, brought on by Syra and of her own cousin Agnes, whom she adores and dotes on.  Another thread of the story deals with the young boy Pancratius, a pious Christian and son of a martyr, who is himself preparing for martyrdom. Pancratius' nemesis is Corvinus, a bullying schoolmate who is irritated by the young Christian's saintliness. He does everything to bring him and the Christian community of the catacombs of Rome down. This includes the orchestrating of the lynching of their former teacher Cassianus, who is secretly Christian. Yet Pancratius shows his enemy the meaning of Christian forgiveness when he saves his life shortly after Corvinus had Cassianus killed.  Another major villain in the story is the enigmatic Fulvius, an apparently rich young man from the East who soon reveals himself to be a hunter of Christians who turns them in to the authorities for money. His aim on the one hand is to gain the hand of either Fabiola or Agnes, and on the other hand, to uproot the Christian community in Rome. After some dramatic events that reveal his surprising connections to Syra, who is his long-lost younger sister Myriam, Fulvius rejects his evil ways, converts to Christianity and becomes a hermit.  The story also weaves a number of martyrdom accounts and legends of real-life Christian saints into the fictitious story. These include Saint Agnes, Saint Sebastian, Saint Pancras (Pancratius), Saint Cassian (Cassianus), Saint Emerentiana, and Saint Tarcisius.[1] Two exceptions are the characters of Fabiola and of the blind beggar girl Caecilia, Syra's friend and fellow Christian, though they do bear saints' names, are not identical with Saint Fabiola (who lived later) and Saint Cecilia (whose legend is very different from Caecilia's story in the novel).  Wiseman wrote Fabiola in part as an answer to the book Hypatia, written by the Anglican Charles Kingsley.[1] The novel was mainly aimed at the embattled Catholic minority in England, who had recently emerged from a half-illegal status (the Catholic hierarchy in England had been re-established only in 1850).  The story thus constantly stresses the close-knit community of the early Christians, their love for each other, their solidarity strong sense of communion. At the same time, direct references to the present situation of Catholics in England are relatively rare, especially when compared to John Henry Newman's Callista (1855), which was commissioned as a sort of "prequel" to Fabiola. Still, the heroic language in which the tales of the martyrs are told obviously aims at strengthening the courage and determination of Catholics in England. The educational side of the book is also important: several chapters digress on historical information about worship and burial in the catacombs.[1]   However the novel followed the understanding of contemporary historians and greatly exaggerated the role the catacombs played in Early Christian life.[2]  A film version was produced in 1918 in Italy directed by Enrico Guazzoni.  Also, a lavish Franco-Italian film version was released in 1949. (It reached the USA only in 1951 in a dubbed and drastically cut version.) The second film bears little resemblance to its ostensible source.  A third "peplum" film version called La Rivolta degli schiavi was produced in 1960.  It takes more elements from the novel than the second, such as including both St. Agnes and St. Sebastian, but strays from the novel in many ways. "
Bishop of Reykjavík (Catholic);" The Bishop of Reykjavík is the head of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Reykjavík, part of the Catholic church in Iceland.  The Norsemen who settled in Iceland from the end of the ninth century  worshipped the Æsir (the Norse gods). The country converted about 999.   In 1056, the country was given a bishop of its own, suffragan to the Archbishop of Hamburg, with his see at Skálholt, while in 1106 a bishopric was established at Hólar. These two dioceses were first under the Archbishop of Lund, later (1152) under that of Trondheim, and until the middle of the 16th century were in close communion with Rome.[citation needed]  The bishops were selected by the Alþingi, but the nominees were consecrated by the metropolitan. Many of their prelates were distinguished for their virtue and wisdom. The priests of Iceland frequently went to French and English universities for studies. Many among the clergy and laity made pilgrimages to shrines of both East and West. Canon law was in force by the year 1053. Under the influence of the Church the old laws (Grágás) were written down in 1117, but civil strife led to recognition of Norwegian hegemony.   Upon the death of Haakon VI of Norway in 1380, his son Olaf, who since 1376 had ruled Denmark, ascended the Norwegian throne and thus effected a centuries-long union of Denmark and Iceland, which later facilitated the spread of Lutheranism during the Reformation. The Althing (Icelandic parliament) was not suppressed until 1800.  The following most recent heads of the Catholic Church in Iceland were bishops:  Vicars Apostolic of Iceland  Bishops of Reykjavík     This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Remy, Arthur Frank Joseph, Wittmann, Pius (1910). "Iceland".  In Herbermann, Charles (ed.). Catholic Encyclopedia. Vol. 7. New York: Robert Appleton Company. See also  Martino Meulenberg S.M.M., June 12, 1923 - 1941 (died), Jóhannes Gunnarsson S.M.M., February 23, 1942 - 1967 (resigned), Hendrik Hubert Frehen S.M.M., October 18, 1968 - October 31, 1986 (died) Alfred James Jolson, S.J. December 12, 1987 - March 21, 1994 (died) Joannes Baptist Matthijs Gijsen, May 24, 1996 -  October 30, 2007 (retired) Pierre Bürcher, December 15, 2007 - September 18, 2015 (retired) Dávid Bartimej Tencer, OFMCap, September 18, 2015 - onwards Christ the King Cathedral, Reykjavík (Iceland) Roman Catholicism in Iceland Christianity in Iceland Roman Catholic Diocese of Reykjavík (in English and Icelandic) Catholic-Hierarchy: Reykjavik (Diocese)"
Chartered Scientist;" Chartered Scientist (CSci) is a professional qualification in the United Kingdom that is awarded by the Science Council through its Licensed member organisations. Holders of this qualification can use the post-nominal letters CSci.  Chartered scientists are professional scientists who are practising and/or advancing science at the full professional level and are individuals for whom scientific knowledge or practice at that level form an essential element of their role. The required standard[1] for Chartered Scientist registration is a Masters-level science qualification (or equivalent) with four years of postgraduate work experience.  The standards of the Chartered Scientist designation are upheld by the Science Council’s Registration Authority, whose members are elected representatives from the Licensed Bodies and appointed experts from other areas.  There is a specialist section of the register for scientists whose primary profession is teaching.  Those registered are entitled to use the post-nominal CSciTeach.  It was developed in 2007 by the Science Council in partnership with the Association for Science Education, and is also awarded by the Royal Society of Biology and the Royal Society of Chemistry.[2][3]    This job-, occupation-, or vocation-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Chartered Biologist Chartered Chemist Chartered Engineer (UK) Chartered Physicist Chartered Statistician Chartered Mathematician"
Jorge Brown (sailor);"   Jorge Brown (born 14 November 1929) was an Argentine sailor. He competed in the Star event at the 1956 Summer Olympics.[1]  This biographical article related to yacht racing or sailing in Argentina is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
1999 European Athletics U23 Championships – Women's 4 × 100 metres relay;"   The women's 4 x 100 metres relay event at the 1999 European Athletics U23 Championships was held in Göteborg, Sweden, at Ullevi on 1 August 1999.[1][2]  1 August  According to an unofficial count, 28 athletes from 7 countries participated in the event.  v t e  France (4)  Germany (4)  Great Britain (4)  Hungary (4)  Poland (4)  Spain (4)  Sweden (4)"
Valentine McMaster;"   Surgeon Valentine Munbee McMaster VC (16 May 1834 – 22 January 1872) was a recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.  McMaster was born in Tiruchirappalli in India and later graduated from the University of Edinburgh Medical School[1] with an MD.[2]  He entered the army as an assistant surgeon in March 1855[3] and joined the 78th Highlanders, serving in the Persian War in 1857, before returning with the regiment to India at the beginning of the Indian Mutiny. Here, the 78th joined General Havelock’s column that advanced to relieve the siege of Lucknow.[4]  McMaster was a 23 years old assistant surgeon in the 78th (Highlanders) Regiment of Foot (later The Seaforth Highlanders) during the Indian Mutiny when the following deed took place on 25 September 1857, at the first relief of Lucknow for which he was awarded the VC:  For the intrepidity with which he exposed himself to the fire of the enemy, in bringing in, and attending to, the wounded, on the 25th of September, at Lucknow. (Extract from Field Force Orders of the late Major-General Havelock, dated 17 October 1857.)[5] McMaster was presented with the his cross by Lieutenant General Henry Somerset in Bombay later that year.[1] McMaster was awarded one of the eight VCs to the 78th Regiment for the Indian Mutiny. None of the awards to the 78th Regiment and no awards to Medical Officers during the Indian Mutiny were recommended under the ballot method provided in Clause 13 of the Victoria Cross Warrant. [6]  In September 1860 McMaster transferred from the 78th Highlanders to be assistant surgeon of the 6th (Inniskilling) Dragoons,[7] moving to the 18th Hussars in June 1864.[8] Promoted to the rank of staff-surgeon in March 1868,[9] he returned to the 78th Highlanders in March 1869.[10] The same year, the 78th were posted to Halifax, Nova Scotia, where McMaster married Eleanor Burmester in June 1870. They has two sons, one born after McMaster's death. In November 1871 the 78th moved to Belfast where, on 22 January 1872, McMaster died of heart disease aged 37. He was buried in Belfast City Cemetery.[1] There is a memorial to his memory in St. Columb's Cathedral in Derry.  McMaster's widow Eleanor returned to Canada,[1] where she married Canadian surgeon Campbell Mellis Douglas, who had won the VC in the 1867 Andaman Islands expedition.[11]  His Victoria Cross is displayed at the National War Museum of Scotland in Edinburgh Castle.[1] "
1994 South Dakota State Jackrabbits football team;" The 1994 South Dakota State Jackrabbits football team represented South Dakota State University during the 1994 NCAA Division II football season.  Source:[2]  Mike Daly (4th season) v t e + – Conference co-champions ^ – NCAA Division II playoff participant Coughlin–Alumni Stadium Brookings, SD Coughlin–Alumni Stadium Brookings, SD Husky Stadium St. Cloud, Minnesota Coughlin–Alumni Stadium Brookings, SD Coughlin–Alumni Stadium Brookings, SD Fargodome Fargo, ND (Dakota Marker) Al F. Caniglia Field Omaha, Nebraska Coughlin–Alumni Stadium Brookings, SD Howard Wood Field Sioux Falls, SD Coughlin–Alumni Stadium Brookings, SD Memorial Stadium Grand Forks, ND Mike Daly (C) Team captain (S) Suspended (I) Ineligible  Injured  Redshirt"
Bovadra;" Bovadra is a painting by Ellen Banks. It is in the collection of the Addison Gallery of American Art in Andover, Massachusetts in the United States.   The painting comprises acrylic paint on canvas. Completed in 1975, Bovadra is an abstract artwork that features sharp, at times triangular shapes, in grey and white shades. It is almost landscape-like in appearance.[1]  Bovadra was purchased by the Addison Gallery of American Art in 1975. It has been exhibited twice at the Addison Gallery:[1]  This article about a twentieth-century painting is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. 1982, Afro-American Artists 1988, Large Scale Works: Drawings, Prints, Photographs, Sculpture and Painting from the Addison Gallery of American Art"
Oak Lane Historic District;" The Oak Lane Historic District is located on the east side of Davenport, Iowa, United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.[1] The historic district is a residential area that stretches along Oak Lane between High Street on the north and East Locust Street on the south. There are 27 houses that make up the district. Twenty-three houses are located on Oak Lane and four are on Locust Street, the three immediately to the west of Oak Lane and one immediately to the east.  Amos Cutter, a local real estate entrepreneur, developed the Oak Lane Addition from about 1900 to 1910. Previously the land had been used for agricultural purposes. Oak Lane reflected a prosperous, middle-class reputation. It also reflected the growing American identity of the city's population in the early 20th century instead of the old European ethnic divisions that marked the neighborhoods that were developed in the 19th century.[2] It also marked the expansion of the city away from the Mississippi River. This was possible, in part, due to the expansion of the city's streetcar lines. Locust Street, on the south side of the neighborhood, was a major streetcar route in the city.[2]  The houses closer to Locust Street are larger, more stylish, and were home to fairly well-to-do professionals. They included William Kellenberger, who was the manager of Tri-City Litho and Printing Co., Dr. William Alien, M.D., Horace Roberts, who was the treasurer and general manager of the Gordon-Van Tine Company, Moritz Landauer, of the Simon & Landauer clothing store, Martin L. Parker, who was secretary and treasurer for the M.L. Parker & Company department store, and Oscar C. Woods, who was the president of a wholesale fruit and produce business the Martin-Woods Company. At the other end of Oak Lane near High Street is the location of the more modest houses that were built on narrower lots. They housed families who were headed by salesmen, clerks, and blue-collar workers.  There are two known architect-designed houses in the district. Chicago architect William A. Otis designed a Georgian Revival house at 17 Oak Lane. Davenport architect Gustav Hanssen designed the Georgian Revival Oscar Woods House at 720 East Locust Street. He may have also designed the neighboring Julia Roberts House (726) and the George Johnson House (810) based on similarities of form and facade treatment, but that cannot be confirmed.[2]  For his part, Cutter would go on to develop the McClellan Heights neighborhood beginning in 1906. Like Oak Lane, he would move into a house in the new development as he sold and developed the other lots.  The architecture of the Oak Lane neighborhood reflects the styles that were popular at the turn of the 20th century in Davenport.[2] This was a period of transition from the Victorian styles, especially Queen Anne, to the Colonial Revival styles. The three prominent houses along East Locust are noteworthy examples of Davenport's Georgian Revival/Federal style houses.[2] The oldest house in the neighborhood is an Italianate house at 10 Oak Lane that was built about 1875 and came with the property. It became Cutter's residence as the addition was being developed. The newest house in the neighborhood was built at 36 Oak Lane around 1922. It is one of the more modest houses on the north side of the development.   Media related to Oak Lane Historic District (Davenport, Iowa) at Wikimedia Commons "
St James' Church, Shardlow;"   St James’ Church, Shardlow is a Grade II listed[1] parish church in the Church of England in Shardlow, Derbyshire.[2]   The foundation stone was laid on 14 August 1837 by James Sutton Esq.[3] The foundation stone was laid over a cavity containing several coins of the late reign, and covered with a brass plate on which was engraved the following inscription:  The first Stone of this Church, erected by voluntary contribution, and Dedicated to Saint James, was laid on the Fourteenth day of August, Anno Domini MDCCCXXXVII, in the First year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria by James Sutton, Esquire, to the Glory of Almighty God, and for the Salvation of the Souls of Men. The Reverend Nathaniel Palmer Johnson M.A., Rector of Aston. Henry Isaac Stevens, Architect. The partly completed church was damaged in a storm on 1 July 1838 when it was struck by lightning.[4]  It was consecrated by the Bishop of Ripon on 9 April 1839.[5]  The church is in a joint parish with   The church contains an organ by J.W. Walker dating from 1868. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.[6]  All Saints’ Church, Aston-upon-Trent St Wilfrid's Church, Barrow-upon-Trent St Bartholomew’s Church, Elvaston St James’ Church, Swarkestone St Andrew’s Church, Twyford St Mary the Virgin’s Church, Weston-on-Trent Listed buildings in Shardlow and Great Wilne"
Croatia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2017;"   Croatia participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2017 with the song "My Friend" written by Jacques Houdek, Tony Roberth Malm, Siniša Reljić, Arjana Kunštek, Ines Prajo and Fabrizio Laucella. The song was performed by Jacques Houdek, who was selected internally by the Croatian broadcaster Croatian Radiotelevision (HRT) on 17 February 2017 to represent Croatia at the 2017 contest in Kyiv, Ukraine. His song "My Friend" was presented to the public on 2 March 2017 during the radio programme Svijet diskografije broadcast on the HR 2 station.  Croatia was drawn to compete in the second semi-final of the Eurovision Song Contest which took place on 11 May 2017. Performing during the show in position 11, "My Friend" was announced among the top 10 entries of the second semi-final and therefore qualified to compete in the final on 13 May. It was later revealed that Croatia placed eighth out of the 18 participating countries in the semi-final with 141 points. In the final, Croatia performed in position 13 and placed thirteenth out of the 26 participating countries, scoring 128 points.  Prior to the 2017 contest, Croatia had participated in the Eurovision Song Contest twenty-two times since its first entry in 1993.[1] The nation's best result in the contest was fourth, which it achieved on two occasions: in 1996 with the song "Sveta ljubav" performed by Maja Blagdan and in 1999 with the song "Marija Magdalena" performed by Doris Dragović. Following the introduction of semi-finals in 2004, Croatia had thus far featured in six finals. After the Croatian entries failed to qualify from the semi-finals between 2010 and 2013, Croatia managed to qualify to the final in 2016 with Nina Kraljić and the song "Lighthouse".   The Croatian national broadcaster, Croatian Radiotelevision (HRT), broadcasts the event within Croatia and organises the selection process for the nation's entry. HRT confirmed Croatia's participation in the 2017 Eurovision Song Contest on 17 September 2016.[2] Between 1993 and 2011, HRT organised the national final Dora in order to select the Croatian entry for the Eurovision Song Contest. In 2012 and 2013, the broadcaster opted to internally select the entry. The Croatian broadcaster continued the internal selection procedure in 2016 as well as in 2017 after missing the contest in 2014 and 2015.[3]  On 17 February 2017, the Croatian national broadcaster HRT announced that it had internally selected Jacques Houdek to represent Croatia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2017. Jacques Houdek previously attempted to represent Croatia at the Eurovision Song Contest on several occasions: in 2002 with "Čarolija" placing thirteenth, in 2003 with "Na krilima ljubavi" placing fifth, in 2004 with "Nema razloga" placing fourth, in 2005 with "Nepobjediva" placing fourth, and in 2011 placing second.[4] In regards to his selection as the Croatian entrant, Houdek stated: "I am extremely happy and thank Croatian Radio and Television for the trust they have shown. Being a representative of Croatia at the Eurovision Song Contest is a big honour for me and I'm grateful for the opportunity. I have been living for this for the past ten months, all of my artistic capabilities have been directed towards writing this song and I can barely wait for listeners to let it into their hearts."[3][5]  The song that Houdek performed at the Eurovision Song Contest, "My Friend", was presented on 2 March 2017 during the radio programme Svijet diskografije broadcast on HR 2 and hosted by Zlatko Turkalj Turki.[6] The song was written by Jacques Houdek himself, Tony Roberth Malm, Siniša Reljić, Arjana Kunštek, Ines Prajo and Fabrizio Laucella. Kunštek and Prajo were also the co-writers of "Ne brini", the Bosnian Eurovision Song Contest entry in 2003.[7] In regards to his song, Houdek stated: "This is the song of my life and certainly the best thing I wrote so far. I'm happy that I have gathered such a great team of authors who have helped me to make the idea of the song come true and we believe that it will represent our homeland in the most beautiful light".[8]  Following the presentation show, the preview video submitted for the Eurovision Song Contest by HRT for "My Friend" premiered, which was directed by Dario Lepoglavec and featured illustrations by Annamaria Gržetić and Deniss Grgić.[9] In late March, Houdek filmed the music video for "My Friend", which was directed by Katja Restović.[10] The music video was released to the public on 4 April.[11]  According to Eurovision rules, all nations with the exceptions of the host country and the "Big Five" (France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom) are required to qualify from one of two semi-finals in order to compete for the final, the top ten countries from each semi-final progress to the final. The European Broadcasting Union (EBU) split up the competing countries into six different pots based on voting patterns from previous contests, with countries with favourable voting histories put into the same pot.[12] On 31 January 2017, a special allocation draw was held which placed each country into one of the two semi-finals, as well as which half of the show they would perform in. Croatia was placed into the second semi-final, to be held on 11 May 2017, and was scheduled to perform in the second half of the show.[13]  Once all the competing songs for the 2017 contest had been released, the running order for the semi-finals was decided by the shows' producers rather than through another draw, so that similar songs were not placed next to each other. Croatia was set to perform in position 12, following the entry from San Marino and before the entry from Norway.[14] But after Russia was removed from the running order of the competition following their withdrawal from the contest, Croatia's position shifted to 11.[15]  The two semi-finals and the final were broadcast in Croatia on HRT 1 with commentary by Duško Ćurlić. The three shows were also broadcast via radio on HR 2 with commentary by Zlatko Turkalj Turki.[16] The Croatian spokesperson, who announced the top 12-point score awarded by the Croatian jury during the final, was Uršula Tolj.  Jacques Houdek took part in technical rehearsals on 3 and 6 May, followed by dress rehearsals on 10 and 11 May. This included the jury show on 10 May where the professional juries of each country watched and voted on the competing entries.[17]  The Croatian performance featured Jacques Houdek dressed in a black half-and-half costume including a suit and leather jacket, joined on stage by two instrumentalists and three backing vocalists dressed in black suits. Houdek's outfit was designed by Marco Falcioni.[18] The LED screens transitioned from images of Houdek that turned to each side when his voice changed to a sunflower and rainbow backdrop. At the end of the song, the performers all came together. The performance also featured a pyrotechnic waterfall effect.[19][20] The three backing vocalists that joined Houdek were: Alen Đuras, Edgar Rupena and Matija Cvek, while the two instrumentalists were violinist Antun Stašić and cellist Emanuel Pavon.[21]  At the end of the show, Croatia was announced as having finished in the top 10 and subsequently qualifying for the grand final. It was later revealed that Croatia placed eighth in the semi-final, receiving a total of 141 points: 104 points from the televoting and 37 points from the juries.[22]  Shortly after the second semi-final, a winners' press conference was held for the ten qualifying countries. As part of this press conference, the qualifying artists took part in a draw to determine which half of the grand final they would subsequently participate in. This draw was done in the reverse order the countries appeared in the semi-final running order. Croatia was drawn to compete in the first half. Following this draw, the shows' producers decided upon the running order of the final, as they had done for the semi-finals. Croatia was subsequently placed to perform in position 13, following the entry from Azerbaijan and before the entry from Australia.[23]  Jacques Houdek once again took part in dress rehearsals on 12 and 13 May before the final, including the jury final where the professional juries cast their final votes before the live show. Jacques Houdek performed a repeat of his semi-final performance during the final on 13 May. Croatia placed thirteenth in the final, scoring 128 points: 103 points from the televoting and 25 points from the juries.[24]  Voting during the three shows involved each country awarding two sets of points from 1-8, 10 and 12: one from their professional jury and the other from televoting. Each nation's jury consisted of five music industry professionals who are citizens of the country they represent, with their names published before the contest to ensure transparency. This jury judged each entry based on: vocal capacity, the stage performance, the song's composition and originality, and the overall impression by the act. In addition, no member of a national jury was permitted to be related in any way to any of the competing acts in such a way that they cannot vote impartially and independently. The individual rankings of each jury member as well as the nation's televoting results were released shortly after the grand final.  Below is a breakdown of points awarded to Croatia and awarded by Croatia in the second semi-final and grand final of the contest, and the breakdown of the jury voting and televoting conducted during the two shows:      The following members comprised the Croatian jury:[27]  Jacques Houdek Siniša Reljić Tony Malm Ines Prajo Arjana Kunštek Fabrizio Laucella  Austria  Hungary  Switzerland  Macedonia  Malta  Ireland  Serbia  Bulgaria  Germany  San Marino  Estonia  Romania  Germany  Ukraine  Belarus  Netherlands  Belarus  Serbia  France  Lithuania  Austria  Norway  Montenegro  Slovenia  Germany  Switzerland  Hungary  Serbia  United Kingdom  Ireland  Malta  Netherlands  Romania  San Marino  Germany  Romania  Australia  Bulgaria  Norway  Poland Tihomir Preradović [hr] (jury chairperson) – producer, arranger, composer, multi-instrumentalist Dino Jelusić – rock singer, musician, songwriter, winner of the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2003 Saša Lozar – singer Ivana Kindl – singer, songwriter Sanja Doležal – singer, television host, represented Yugoslavia in the 1987 contest as part of Novi fosili"
Lee Ho-jae (footballer);" Lee Ho-jae (Korean: 이호재, born 14 October 2000) is a South Korean professional footballer, who plays as a center-forward for Pohang Steelers.[1]  After completing his youth development between New Zealand, with NRFL Premier club Onehunga Sports, and South Korea, where he played for Incheon United while his father Lee Ki-hyung was coaching the first team, Lee entered Korea University and eventually graduated in 2020.  At the start of 2021, Lee officially started his professional football career by joining K League 1 side Pohang Steelers. He subsequently made his professional debut on 28 February 2021, when he came in as a substitute for the injured Alex Grant in the 83rd minute of the 2-1 win against Incheon United.  On 28 June of the same year, he also made his debut in the AFC Champions League, as he replaced Go Young-Joon in the 88th minute of the group stage match against Malaysian side Johor Darul Ta'Zim, which ended up in a 4-1 win for Pohang.  On 3 October 2021, after coming in as a substitute for Lee Seung-Mo in the 76th minute of a league match against Gwangju FC, he scored his first and second professional goals (respectively, in the 83rd and 90th minutes), which proved to be crucial as his team ultimately gained a 3-2 come-back victory.[2]  Lee joined the South Korean under-23 national team for the first time in September 2021, when he was invited by manager Hwang Sun-hong to take part in a training camp in Paju.[2]  He is the son of former professional footballer and manager Lee Ki-hyung, who represented South Korea at full international level. He moved to New Zealand in 2007 when his father signed for Auckland City.[2]    This biographical article related to South Korea association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Assier station;"   Assier is a railway station in Assier, Occitanie, France. The station is on the Brive-Toulouse (via Capdenac) railway line. The station is served by Intercités de nuit (night train) and TER (local) services operated by SNCF.  The following services currently call at Assier:[1][2]  Coordinates: 44°40′27″N 1°52′13″E﻿ / ﻿44.67417°N 1.87028°E﻿ / 44.67417, 1.87028    This article about a railway station in the Occitanie région of France is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. night services (Intercités de nuit) Paris–Orléans–Figeac–Rodez–Albi local service (TER Occitanie) Brive-la-Gaillarde–Figeac–Rodez"
Paul Bertolli;" Paul Joseph Bertolli (born 1954)[1] is a chef, writer, and artisan food producer in the San Francisco Bay Area, in California.  Paul Bertolli was born in 1954 in San Rafael, California, to parents of Italian descent.[1] He rose to prominence in the gourmet food world at Chez Panisse in nearby Berkeley, California, working from 1982 to 1992.[2] He eventually became executive chef and co-authoring Chez Panisse Cooking with restaurant founder Alice Waters. He was later the executive chef of the Oliveto restaurant in Oakland, California, until mid-2005.[3]  He is most known for producing handcrafted ingredients like balsamic vinegar and salumi (cured-pork products such as salami and prosciutto). He opened a food supplier, Fra' Mani Handcrafted Salumi, in March 2006 ('Fra Mani' is derived from the Italian for 'between or among hands', and conveys the message 'from our hands to yours').[3] In 2003, he also authored, Cooking by Hand: A Cookbook.[4][5][6]    This California-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This article about a United States businessperson is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This biographical article about a foodie, restaurateur or gourmand is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Oliveto, Oakland, California, Chez Panisse, Berkeley, California"
Bulbophyllum pubiflorum;"   Bulbophyllum pubiflorum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.    This Bulbophyllum-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. The Bulbophyllum-Checklist The Internet Orchid Species Photo Encyclopedia Wikidata: Q4995527 CoL: NRQN EoL: 524731 GBIF: 2845374 IPNI: 619925-1 Open Tree of Life: 3991542 Plant List: kew-27074 POWO: urn:lsid:ipni.org:names:619925-1 Species+: 24085 Tropicos: 50029418 WFO: wfo-0000592613 v t e"
Citerne (volcano);" Citerne is a French volcano located in Guadeloupe, on the southeast flank of La Grande Soufrière.  It has a total height of 1,155 metres (3,789 ft) and is crowned by a circular crater containing Lac Flammarion. On the south edge of the crater there are radio and TV relay antennae. Citerne is located at the intersection of the communes of Gourbeyre (west), Capesterre-Belle-Eau (east) and Trois-Rivières (south), the three communes meet in Lac Flammarion, meaning that the mountain's summit is located within Gourbeyre. The entire mountain is within the Guadeloupe National Park. The summit is accessible from the north by the D11 (the final section of the route is closed to traffic), from the west by the Armistice trail, or from the south by another track.  The last eruption of Citerne occurred around 370. "
Parliamentary train;"     A parliamentary train was a passenger service operated in the United Kingdom to comply with the Railway Regulation Act 1844 that required train companies to provide inexpensive and basic rail transport for less affluent passengers. The act required that at least one such service per day be run on every railway route in the UK.  Now no longer a legal requirement (although most franchise agreements require such trains), the term now describes train services that continue to be run to avoid the cost of formal closure of a route or station but with reduced services often to just one train per week and without specially low prices. Such services are often called "ghost trains".[1]  In the earliest days of passenger railways in the United Kingdom the poor were encouraged to travel in order to find employment in the growing industrial centres, but trains were generally unaffordable to them except in the most basic of open wagons, in many cases attached to goods trains.[2] Political pressure caused the Board of Trade to investigate, and Sir Robert Peel's Conservative government enacted the Railway Regulation Act 1844, which took effect on 1 November 1844. It compelled "the provision of at least one train a day each way at a speed of not less than 12 miles an hour including stops, which were to be made at all stations, and of carriages protected from the weather and provided with seats, for all which luxuries not more than a penny a mile might be charged".[3]  Railway companies reluctantly complied with the law. They scheduled parliamentary trains at inconvenient times and used uncomfortable carriages. One account stated that when passengers complained about a delay, they were told "ye are only the nigger train". James Allport of Midland Railway was proud of providing comfortable third-class service passenger service, but stated that his company needed 25 years to do so.[4]  The basic comfort and slow progress of Victorian parliamentary trains led to a humorous reference in Gilbert and Sullivan's comic opera The Mikado. The Mikado is explaining how he will match punishments to the crimes committed:  The idiot who, in railway carriages, Scribbles on window-panes Will only suffer To ride on a buffer In Parliamentary trains.  In 1963 under its chairman Richard Beeching, British Railways produced The Reshaping of British Railways report, designed to stem the huge losses being incurred as patronage declined.[5] It proposed very substantial cuts to the network and to train services, with many lines closed under a programme that came to be known as the Beeching cuts. The Transport Act 1962 included a formal closure process allowing for objections to closures on the basis of hardship to passengers if their service was closed. As the objections gained momentum, this process became increasingly difficult to implement, and from about 1970 closures slowed to a trickle.[citation needed]  In certain cases, where there was exceptionally low usage, the train service was reduced to a bare minimum but the service was not formally closed, avoiding the costs associated with closure. In some cases, the service was reduced to one train a week and in one direction only.[citation needed]  These minimal services had resonances of the 19th-century parliamentary services and, among rail enthusiasts, they came to be referred to as "parliamentary trains", "ghost trains", or, more colloquially, "parly" trains (following the abbreviation used in Victorian timetables). However, this terminology has no official standing. So-called parliamentary services are also typically run at inconvenient times, often very early in the morning, very late at night or in the middle of the day at the weekend. In extreme instances, rail services have actually been "temporarily" withdrawn and replaced by substitute bus services, to maintain the pretence that the service has not been withdrawn.[citation needed]  When the closures brought about by the Beeching Report had reached equilibrium, it was recognised that some incremental services or station reopenings were desirable. However, if a service was started and proved unsuccessful, it could not be closed again without going through the formal process, with the possibility that it might not be terminated. It was recognised that this discouraged possible desirable developments and the Transport Act 1962 (Amendment) Act 1981 permitted the immediate closure of such experimental reopenings. The bill that led to the Act of 1981 was sponsored by a pro-railways Member of Parliament, Tony Speller, and it is usually referred to as the Speller Act. The process is still in effect, although the legislation has been subsumed into other enactments.[citation needed]  Examples of lines in the December 2022 timetable served only by a parliamentary train are:[note 1]  17:18  Examples of lines formerly served only by a Parliamentary train are:  10:01 / 10:44 from Gerrards Cross[14]  11:47 to High Wycombe from West Ealing  A station may have a parliamentary service because the operating company wishes it closed, but the line is in regular use (most trains pass straight through). Examples include:  Bordesley is served by a single train on Saturdays only, however the station remains open for use when Birmingham City Football Club are playing at home when additional services call there. Operated by West Midlands Trains.  In the mid-1990s British Rail was forced to serve Smethwick West in the West Midlands for an extra 12 months after a legal blunder meant that the station had not been closed properly. One train per week each way still called at Smethwick West, even though it was only a few hundred yards from the replacement Smethwick Galton Bridge.[33]  Many least used stations are also served infrequently or irregularly.  A variant of the parliamentary train service was the temporary replacement bus service, as employed between Watford and Croxley Green in Hertfordshire. The railway line was closed to trains in 1996, but to avoid the legal complications and costs of actual closure train services were replaced by buses, thus maintaining the legal fiction of an open railway.[34] The branch was officially closed in 2003. Work in track clearance commenced, beginning the work to absorb most of the route into a diversion of the Watford branch of the Metropolitan line into Watford Junction, but work was stopped in 2016 after a reassessment of likely costs and lack of agreement on funding.  The temporary replacement bus tactic was used from December 2008 between Ealing Broadway and Wandsworth Road[35] when Arriva CrossCountry withdrew its services from Brighton to Manchester, which was the only passenger service between Factory Junction, north of Wandsworth Road, and Latchmere Junction, on the West London Line. This service was later replaced by a single daily return train between Kensington Olympia and Wandsworth Road (as above) operated by Southern until formal consultation commenced and closure was completed in 2013.[36]  The replacement bus tactic was used to service Norton Bridge, Barlaston and Wedgwood stations on the Stafford–Manchester line, which had its passenger services withdrawn in 2004 to allow more Virgin CrossCountry and Virgin Trains West Coast services to be operated. Norton Bridge station was closed in December 2017 coinciding with the transfer of the West Midlands franchise from London Midland to West Midlands Trains, with funding for the bus service to Norton Bridge continuing until March 2019.[37][38]    06:33 23:03 07:30 07:45 08:00 08:15 08:33 06:34 06:49 07:04 07:19 07:34 07:53 11:54 15:54 11:14 15:11 19:17 05:19 (Lancaster) 05:30 (Carnforth) 07:42 19:43 Barlaston and Wedgwood, which are currently only served by replacement buses. Teesside Airport, which serves Teesside International Airport, lost most of its services due to its relatively long distance to the terminal as well as competition from buses which offered more reliable services (which in turn were withdrawn due to the airport's sharp decrease in air passengers). The current service is operated only on Sundays and comprises the 14:56 to Darlington from Hartlepool. Operated by Northern Trains.[30]  Two Great Western Railway services stop at Pilning every week, both on a Saturday and in one direction only.Pilning, near Bristol – only two trains per week, both from Cardiff Central on Saturdays only at 08:33 (to Penzance) and 14:33 (to Taunton). Formerly one train each way per week, but the bridge to the down platform was removed in November 2016.[31][32] Operated by Great Western Railway. Barry Links and Golf Street. From 19 May 2019, these stations are only served Monday-Saturday by the southbound 06:06 Arbroath to Dundee and 07:44 Arbroath to Edinburgh Waverley, northbound services are the 16:09 Glasgow Queen Street to Arbroath service (16:10 Saturday) and the 17:02 Edinburgh Waverley to Arbroath service (17:01 Saturday). Operated by Abellio ScotRail.  Shippea Hill station, one of the least used stations in the entire country. Shippea Hill and Lakenheath on the Breckland line to Norwich. Shippea Hill is served at 07:26 Mondays–Fridays (07:47 Saturday) eastbound (to Norwich) and 16:13 Saturdays only westbound (to Stansted Airport). Lakenheath, however, is served by seven trains on a Sunday (4 eastbound, 3 westbound). There are no services Monday–Friday and just a single journey in each direction on Saturdays (11:13 westbound, 15:49 eastbound). Both operated by Abellio Greater Anglia. Polesworth has one train per day Mondays–Saturdays, northbound only at 06:50. After major works on the West Coast Main Line, contractors neglected to replace the footbridge which they had removed, leaving passengers unable to access southbound trains. Operated by West Midlands Trains. Lelant Saltings, in Cornwall has been served by one train in each direction daily since the Park & Ride facility at the station moved to nearby St Erth. Operated by Great Western Railway. Closure by stealth List of least used railway stations of Great Britain Rail replacement bus service Stations still open but with no services"
Cyclocheilichthys janthochir;"   Systomus janthochir Bleeker, 1854  Cyclocheilichthys janthochir is a species of freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae. It is known from the Kapuas River in West Kalimantan, Borneo (Indonesia).[1][2]  Cyclocheilichthys janthochir feeds on aquatic insects. It grows to 20 cm (7.9 in) total length.[1]    This Cyprininae article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Barbus janthochir (Bleeker, 1854)"
Fârdea;" Fârdea (Hungarian: Ferde) is a commune in Timiș County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Drăgșinești (Hungarian: Drágfalva), Fârdea, Gladna Montană (Hungarian: Galadnabánya), Gladna Română (Hungarian: Galadna, German: Wallachisch Gladna), Hăuzești (Hungarian: Hegyeslak, German: Hausescht), Mâtnicu Mic (Hungarian: Kismutnok) and Zolt (Hungarian: Zold).  Fârdea is located in the eastern extremity of Timiș County, at the foot of Poiana Ruscă Mountains. The relief has the appearance of a huge amphitheater descending from the edges of the commune to the central depression valleys with some steep hills in the southeast and softer ones in the northwest.[3]  Fârdea was first mentioned in a Hungarian diploma in 1361.[4] It was one of the most important medieval settlements in Banat, where a Vlach district has existed since ancient times.[4] In the 14th–15th centuries it was called Turd, which comes from Furd, a personal name mentioned around 1291.[5] In a document from 1454, the chapter from Arad reports to Ladislaus V that John Hunyadi became the owner of the Romanian district of Twerd. The document mentions that this district included the villages of Bănia, Lower and Upper Gladna, Prodanfalva, Zolthur, Cărămida, Dryinfalva, Brekafalva, Lower and Upper Igazfalva, Puril, Mâtnic, Boglyafalva, Costenești and Stefanfalva,[5] many of which no longer exist. At the end of the 15th century, the district no longer belonged to Temes County, but to Hunyad County.  Ethnic composition (2011)[6]  Religious composition (2011)[7]  Fârdea had a population of 1,750 inhabitants at the 2011 census, down 9% from the 2002 census. Most inhabitants are Romanians (94.23%), with a minority of Roma (1.49%). For 2.97% of the population, ethnicity is unknown.[6] By religion, most inhabitants are Orthodox (85.43%), but there are also minorities of Pentecostals (5.54%) and Baptists (5.26%). For 2.97% of the population, religious affiliation is unknown.[7] "
Ellen Ripley;" Ellen Louise Ripley, often referred to simply as Ripley, is a fictional character and protagonist of the Alien film series, played by American actress Sigourney Weaver. The character earned Weaver worldwide recognition, and the role remains her most famous to date. Ridley Scott, director of the first film in the series, Alien, made the decision early in production to switch Ripley from a standard male action hero to a heroine.[1][2]  Alien (1979) and Aliens (1986) were heralded for challenging gender roles, particularly in the science fiction, action, and horror genres. Weaver's performances are also highly praised: for Aliens, she earned her first Academy Award nomination for Best Actress,[3] which is now seen as a landmark since the Academy, to that point, had given little recognition to the genres of science-fiction and horror. For her role in the franchise, Weaver has also been nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture Drama, a BAFTA Award for Best Leading Newcomer, and four Saturn Awards for Best Actress, winning one for Aliens.[4]  Ripley is often considered one of the most significant female protagonists in cinematic history, and is a prominent figure in popular culture. Today, Ripley's influence extends beyond that of the original film franchise, she has appeared in novels, comic books and video games.  Ripley is introduced as a warrant officer aboard the Nostromo, a spaceship en route to Earth from Thedus. Having been placed in stasis for the long journey home, the crew is awakened when the Nostromo receives a transmission of unknown origin from a nearby planetoid. Following their landing, an unknown creature infiltrates the ship, and kills every other member of the crew. Ripley is the only member to escape from the Nostromo prior to its explosion, which she deliberately commenced to kill the monster. However, she discovers that the Alien is also aboard the ship's shuttle, but expels it into space before putting herself in stasis for the return trip to Earth.  57 years later, Ripley awakes from her stasis. Her testimony regarding the Alien is met with extreme skepticism, she loses her space flight license as a result of her "questionable judgment," and finds out that her daughter, Amanda, is dead. However, after contact was lost with a colony on LV-426, the planet where her crew first encountered the Alien eggs, Ripley is requested to go with Colonial Marines aboard the Sulaco to LV-426. They find the planet infested by many Aliens, who wipe out almost all of the marines. Ripley finally escapes the planet with Corporal Dwayne Hicks, the android Bishop, and Newt, a young girl who is the last surviving colonist. Back on the Sulaco, they are soon attacked by the surviving Alien Queen, which is finally expelled into space by Ripley. Ripley enters hypersleep alongside the three other survivors for the return to Earth.  The Sulaco launches an escape pod containing the four survivors, which then crashes on Fiorina 'Fury' 161, an abandoned foundry facility and penal colony. Ripley alone survives the crash. Unbeknownst to her, an Alien egg had been aboard the ship. Once hatched in the prison, the creature begins to kill inmates and guards, but strangely refuses to kill her. After rallying the inmates and preparing the defense against the creature, Ripley discovers the embryo of an Alien Queen growing inside her, thus realizing why she had not been attacked. After having killed the Alien by thermal shock, Ripley sacrifices herself by diving into a gigantic furnace just as the alien Queen begins to erupt from her chest. Her plan was to exterminate the final trace of the Aliens and prevent the Weyland-Yutani Corporation from using it as a biological weapon. However, as seen earlier in the film, the aliens are able to survive being submerged in molten lead so the Queen's fate is uncertain.  200 years after her death, scientists clone Ellen Ripley (Sigourney Weaver) and surgically retrieve the Alien Queen embryo from her body. The United Systems Military hopes to breed Aliens to study on the spaceship USM Auriga, using kidnapped hosts delivered to them by a group of mercenaries. The Aliens escape their enclosures, while Ripley and the mercenaries attempt to flee to the Betty. They must destroy the Auriga, lest it make its emergency landing and unleashes Xenomorphs on Earth. Ripley is taken to the Alien nest, where the Queen gives birth to a Newborn, a Xenomorph with human traits. The hybrid Alien recognizes Ripley as its mother and kills the Queen. Ripley escapes to the Betty, where she tearfully kills the Newborn when it is discovered aboard attacking the other survivors. The Auriga crashes into Earth, destroying all the remaining Xenomorphs in a massive explosion. From the windows of the Betty, Call and Ripley look down at Earth, and when Call asks what Ripley wants to do next, she says, "I'm a stranger here myself." In an alternate ending, the Betty lands in a ruined Paris.  After director Neill Blomkamp announced on February 19, 2015 that his next film would be a fifth Alien movie,[5] Weaver confirmed on February 25 that she would reprise her role as Ripley in the film.[6][5][7] On 21 January 2017, in response to a fan question on Twitter asking what the chances were of his Alien project actually happening, Blomkamp responded "slim."[8][9] In April, Scott said he didn't think the film will ever be made. He elaborated that there was never a complete script, just a 10-page pitch, that Fox decided they didn't want to pursue any further. Commentators have noted this goes against Weaver's and James Cameron's statements about reading Blomkamp's script for the film, although it's possible Weaver and Cameron were referring to the pitch document.[10] On May 1, 2017, Ridley Scott confirmed that the fifth film is not happening.[11]  An alternate ending for The Predator displaying a Weyland-Yutani Corp pod containing Ripley (played by Breanna Watkins) wearing a Weyland-Yutani breathing apparatus shaped like an Alien Facehugger[clarification needed] was yet one among several references intended to further[clarification needed] connect the Predator films to the Alien films.[12][13][14][15][16][17]  Ripley has two cameos in the "Stasis Interrupted" DLC for the game. In this prequel campaign, Ripley is seen being impregnated by a facehugger and also appeared recreating the same final scene of Alien 3. The game also revealed that Hicks actually survived the events of Alien 3 as he was retrieved by another Colonial Marines team, with the body in the stasis chamber that crashed being another marine who was knocked into Hicks' pod during a firefight, dying when the EEV crashed. Ripley, Newt and Bishop's pods were ejected while Hicks had to go with the other Marines.  In 2014, Weaver reprised her role as Ripley for the first time in 17 years for a voice cameo in the video game Alien: Isolation, centered on Ripley's daughter Amanda, and more extensively in its two DLCs set during the events of Alien.[18][19]  This game, set 15 years after the events of Alien and 42 years before the events of Aliens, features Ripley's daughter Amanda. Amanda was originally introduced in the extended version of Aliens, when Ripley learns that during her 57-years long stasis, Amanda grew up, married, and died. In the game, Amanda investigates potential clues regarding her mother's disappearance, and goes to the space station Sevastopol in hope to find answers. Near the end of the game, Amanda ultimately finds a vocal message from her mother (voiced by Weaver), who added a personal message to the Nostromo's final log entry at the end of Alien addressed to Amanda, in which Ripley explains the true nature of the disappearance of the Nostromo, tells her she loves her, and hopes that she will get to hear this someday.  Weaver also reprises her role more extensively alongside several other original cast members in the game's two DLCs, set during the events of Alien. Ripley is joined by Dallas (Tom Skerritt), Lambert (Veronica Cartwright), Brett (Harry Dean Stanton), Parker (Yaphet Kotto) and Ash (Ian Holm, likeness only), allowing the player to play through two iconic scenes from the film. With the Nostromo Edition pre-order, the "Crew Expendable" bonus content allows gamers to play as one of the surviving crew members just after Brett's demise to entice the Alien to the ship's airlock. In the "Last Survivor", Ripley initiates the self-destruct sequence before escaping on the Narcissus.[18][19]  In Alien: Isolation – The Digital Series, Ripley was voiced by Andrea Deck in voiceovers for Ripley's final moments to her daughter.  Two hundred years after Ripley's death, a clone of Ripley is successfully produced aboard the spaceship Auriga. Her DNA proved difficult to separate from that of the alien that was inside her during the events of Alien 3, so the first six clones were useless monstrosities. The seventh clone turned out human enough to warrant an attempt at retrieving the alien inside her, but this also ended in failure. The eighth clone proves successful, and becomes the central character of a new story. However, the separation was still not perfect. Number 8 has enhanced strength and reflexes, acidic blood, and an empathic link with the Aliens, and the aliens have slightly more human traits, including a browner skin coloration and changes to their reproductive cycle. Number Eight learns to talk and interact with humans, but soon Aliens escape their confinement and kill most of the crew. She escapes from her cell and later meets and joins a group of mercenaries, developing a close relationship with their youngest member, Annalee Call. The now fully-grown Alien Queen, having developed a womb because of Ripley's DNA, gives birth to a human-Alien hybrid, who kills the Queen and imprints on Number Eight as its mother. After escaping the Auriga in the Betty, Ripley kills the newborn Alien by using her own acidic blood to burn a hole through a viewing pane, causing the creature to be sucked violently through the small hole and into the vacuum of space, saving Call. In a scene included in the extended edition of the film (referenced in the events of Alien: Sea of Sorrows), the Betty lands on Earth and Ripley and Call discover that Paris is desolate.  At the beginning of Alien: Sea of Sorrows, set 200 years after the events of Alien Resurrection, it is revealed that the crashing of the Auriga at the end of Alien Resurrection caused the destruction in Paris seen at the end of that film. Additionally, the protagonist of the novel, Decker, is stated to be a descendant of Ellen Ripley, but there are several hints throughout the novel that Decker's grandmother was Ripley 8 (mainly his empathic abilities, the fact Amanda Ripley-McClaren is stated to have had no children in Aliens, and when Decker is shown a picture of Ripley he says that she isn't the person he sees in his head).  Ripley's life and career have been extensively expanded on in various spin-off comics and novels, many of which were written before her death on Fiorina 161, providing instead a chronology continuing on from the end of Aliens. In the Dark Horse novel series, Ripley appears at the end of Book 3, The Female War, but subsequent books, in order to bring the book continuity in line with the film continuity, reveal that she is actually an android created in Ripley's likeness and given false memories. All novels were rebooted in 2012, meaning the only canonical books featuring Ripley are Out of the Shadows (by Tim Lebbon), Sea of Sorrows (by James A. Moore) and River of Pain. In Out of the Shadows, Ripley is woken from stasis 37 years after the events of Alien, fights Xenomorphs alongside several miners, and is put in stasis again the end of the book with her memory of these events erased to spare her from the worst of the psychological trauma she has experienced. Ripley is mentioned repeatedly in Sea of Sorrows, which stars the grandson of Ripley 8, and appears in River of Pain, which takes place before and during the events of Aliens. The comic book Aliens versus Predator versus The Terminator picks up where Alien Resurrection left off and continues the story of Ripley 8 after Resurrection. This storyline sees Ripley 8 allying with the Predators to defeat both a new wave of Aliens and a group of Terminators created by a long-dormant Skynet program to reinvent itself if it was destroyed, culminating in Ripley 8 apparently sacrificing herself to destroy the original super-soldier/Terminator. An Audio-Animatronic Ripley was featured in the Alien scene of The Great Movie Ride at Disney's Hollywood Studios at Walt Disney World from 1989 to 2017.  Ellen Ripley is often featured in lists of the best characters in film history: in 2008, American Film Institute ranked her as the eighth best hero in American film history in their list of the 100 greatest heroes and villains,[20] the second highest ranked female character after Clarice Starling. In 2009, Entertainment Weekly ranked Ripley fifth on their list of The 20 All Time Coolest Heroes in Pop Culture, calling her "one of the first female movie characters who isn't defined by the men around her, or by her relationship to them."[21] The same year, she was ranked #9 on Empire magazine's compilation of The 100 Greatest Movie Characters in 2008 and #5 in 2015,[22] being the highest ranked female in both.  She was ranked eight on Premiere magazine's list of The 100 Greatest Movie Characters of All Time,[23] with her Defining Moment being "Ripley's nervy refusal to open the ship's hatch so that Kane (John Hurt) can be admitted - with a thing attached to his face." She was the third highest ranked female of the list, after Annie Hall and Scarlett O'Hara. She was ranked 57 on Fandomania's list of the 100 Greatest Fictional Characters.[24] In 2009, MTV selected her as the second Greatest Movie Badass Of All Time,[25] the only women with Sarah Connor, ranked sixth. In 2011, UGO Networks ranked her the 75th Hottest Sci-Fi Girl of All Time.[26] and website Total Sci-Fi ranked her first on their top of the 25 Women Who Shook Sci-Fi, stating "one of the most iconic characters in cinema history" and "one of the most critically analysed characters in the history of cinema." In 2011, Total Film ranked her the best female character of any film.[27]  For her performance in Alien, Weaver was nominated for a BAFTA Award for Best Leading Newcomer and a Saturn Award for Best Actress.[4][28]  Although her performance had already been acclaimed in the first film, Aliens gave worldwide recognition to Weaver: she was the third horror actress in history (after Ellen Burstyn for The Exorcist and Sissy Spacek for Carrie) to be nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress.[3] She also received a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Drama, and won the Saturn Award for Best Actress, the first award in her career (except a minor award, the Mystfest Award for Best Actress, won for Half Moon Street).[4]  Weaver was also co-producer of the third and fourth films of the franchise. Although they were less successful critically, Weaver's performance was praised: she received her third and fourth Saturn Award for Best Actress nominations for both films and a nomination for a Blockbuster Entertainment Award for Favorite Actress – Sci-Fi for Alien Resurrection. Although she didn't win awards specifically for Alien 3 and Alien Resurrection, she won the Hasty Pudding Woman of the Year Award for her acting work during the 1997 film year, including Alien Resurrection, The Ice Storm and Snow White: A Tale of Terror.[4]  Weaver won a DVDX Award for Best Audio Commentary (New for DVD) for her audio participation, among numerous other members of the crew, in the audio commentary of Alien in its 2003-reissue in Alien Quadrilogy.[4] On his presentation speech about Weaver before rewarding her for her overall career with the Heroine Award at the 2010 Scream Awards, Aliens director James Cameron stated her main participations in film history as the Alien franchise, Ghostbusters and Avatar.  Alien (1979) Aliens (1986) Alien 3 (1992) Alien Resurrection (1997) The Predator (2018, deleted scene) Aliens (1990 arcade game) Alien 3 (1992 NES & Sega Genesis Game) Alien Trilogy (1996) Aliens vs. Predator (2010) Aliens: Colonial Marines (2013) Alien: Isolation (2014) Aliens vs. Pinball (2016) Fortnite Battle Royale (2021) Aliens Adventure Game (1991) Alien: The Illustrated Story (1979) Aliens: Outbreak (1988-1989) Aliens: Nightmare Asylum (1989-1990) Aliens: Female War (1990) Alien 3 (1992) Aliens: Newt's Tale (1992) Aliens: Space Marines (1992) Alien Resurrection (1997) Aliens versus Predator versus Terminator (2000) Aliens: Field Report (2014) Alien (1979) Aliens (1986) Alien 3 (1992) Aliens: Tribes (1992) Aliens: Earth Hive (1992) Aliens: Nightmare Asylum (1993) Aliens: The Female War (1993) Aliens: Music of the Spears (1996) Alien Resurrection (1997) Alien: Out of the Shadows (2014) Alien: Sea of Sorrows (2014) Alien: River of Pain (2014) Aliens: Bug Hunt (2017) Alien: The Weyland-Yutani Report (2014) In the 2016 superhero film Deadpool, the titular character refers to Negasonic Teenage Warhead (played by Brianna Hildebrand) as "Ripley, from Alien 3!" when she answers the front door of the X-Mansion, in reference to the characters' similar buzzcut. In 2019, the SpX-DM1 (SpaceX Demonstration Mission 1), carried a test article of their custom flight-suit named Ripley.[29] In February 2021, Fortnite Battle Royale introduced Ripley as a cosmetic outfit.[30][31] In the side-scrolling shooter game Broforce, there is a playable character called Ellen Ripbro based on Ellen Ripley. Her gun is a pulse rifle and her special gun is a flamethrower. As an additional reference, the Xenomorphs from Alien appear as major enemies in the main campaign when the Earth is infested by them while the Broforce fight the terrorists.[citation needed] List of female action heroes and villains Ripley (crater)"
2017 Ladies European Tour;"   The 2017 Ladies European Tour was a series of golf tournaments for elite female golfers from around the world, which takes place from February through December 2017. The tournaments are sanctioned by the Ladies European Tour (LET).  The table below shows the 2017 schedule. The numbers in brackets after the winners' names indicate the career wins on the Ladies European Tour, including that event, and is only shown for members of the tour.  2017 LPGA Tour Official site of the Ladies European Tour Ladies European Tour Information Centre v t e 1979 1980 1981 1982 1983 1984 1985 1986 1987 1988 1989 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023"
Ian Stone;" Ian Stone is a British stand-up comedian, broadcaster and writer notable for appearing as a guest on shows such as the comedy panel show Mock the Week. Stone was also a regular guest on BBC Radio 5's Fighting Talk. His book about following The Jam and growing up in London in the late 1970s was published by Unbound in June 2020.  Stone began his career as a stand-up comedian in 1991.[1] He first performed at the Edinburgh Festival in 1996, in a tour controversially called, A Little Piece of Kike.[2]  Stone later appeared on several television shows, including The 11 O'Clock Show, The Late Edition, Never Mind The Buzzcocks and Mock the Week.  In 2013 Stone began presenting 'Off the Ball' a weekly comedy football show on ESPN with Bob Mills. This format was transferred to BT Sport in time for the 2014 World Cup and renamed The Football's On.  Stone was also co-host on 'Rock and Roll Football' on Absolute Radio with Ian Wright for five years. The show won a Sony silver award for best sports programme in 2012.[3]  Stone currently presents a regular weekday breakfast radio show from 6.30am until 10.30am on Love Sport Radio in London.[4] He is also a regular contributor to the recently relaunched Arsenal F.C. podcast, The Tuesday Club, alongside host Alan Davies[5] and the Handbrake Off podcast for The Athletic.[6] "
Ortignano Raggiolo;" Ortignano Raggiolo is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region Tuscany, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) southeast of Florence and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) northwest of Arezzo.  Ortignano Raggiolo borders the following municipalities: Bibbiena, Castel Focognano, Castel San Niccolò, Loro Ciuffenna, Poppi.   Media related to Ortignano Raggiolo at Wikimedia Commons    This Province of Arezzo location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Brett Smiley;"     Brett Smiley (September 25, 1955 – January 8, 2016)[1][2] was an American singer-songwriter who was active in the UK during the glam rock era of the early 1970s. Smiley released one single, "Va Va Va Voom," and made an appearance on the Russell Harty television show, where he performed the song "Space Ace". In 2003, a previously unheard album called "Breathlessly Brett" was released. One posthumous vinyl album entitled "Sunset Tower" was released in 2019.  Smiley was born in Indiana and began his career as a child actor, playing Oliver on Broadway for four years. He also appeared in many television commercials.[1]  In 1974, Smiley—who, at the time, was managed and produced by Rolling Stones manager Andrew Loog Oldham—recorded an album, Breathlessly Brett. However, Oldham feared that the album, which included the songs "Va Va Va Voom" and "Space Ace", would sell poorly, and refused to release it. However, it was eventually released in 2003, when RPM Records included it as part of its Lipsmackin' 70s collection.  Smiley also starred as the Prince, in the 1977 American erotic musical comedy Cinderella.  In 2004, rock biographer Nina Antonia published a book about Smiley, The Prettiest Star: Whatever Happened to Brett Smiley.  In 2006, Smiley contributed to the charity album Not Alone.  Smiley still performed occasionally until 2015 in New York City, and was recording songs for a new CD. He died on January 8, 2016, after a lengthy battle with HIV and hepatitis. His cause of death, though, was a head injury from falling down.[3][1][2][4]  In 2019, a posthumous album, Sunset Tower, was released for Record Store Day, with a total of 1000 vinyl records being pressed, as well as it being available online on the website Bandcamp. The album consists entirely of demos recorded between 1969 and 1973 that were later reworked for Breathlessly Brett, or scrapped entirely.  Glam rock Pop Rock Musician singer-songwriter actor RPM Records What's Your Rupture? Va Va Va Voom/Space Ace (1974) Breathlessly Brett (2003) track listing: "Brett's Lullaby" "Highty Tighty" "Space Ace" "April in Paris" "Solitaire" "Va Va Va Voom" "Run for the Sun" "I Want to Hold Your Hand" (Lennon–McCartney) "Pre-Columbian Love" "Queen of Hearts" "I Can't Help Myself"/"Over the Rainbow" "Young at Heart" Sunset Tower (2019) track listing: Highty Tighty Cherry Hookers Abstracted Billy Mood in Deco Space Ace Queen of Hearts Lying in the Sun Diamonds Couldn't Bring You Back Our Lady of the Barren Tree (Not Alone, 2006)"
2017 Tilia Slovenia Open – Singles;" Florian Mayer was the defending champion but chose not to defend his title.  Sergiy Stakhovsky won the title after defeating Matteo Berrettini 6–7(4–7), 7–6(8–6), 6–3 in the final.   Blaž Kavčič (second round)  Peter Gojowczyk (first round, retired)  Sergiy Stakhovsky (champion)  Lukáš Lacko (first round, retired)  Egor Gerasimov (first round)  Filip Krajinović (quarterfinals)  Adrián Menéndez-Maceiras (second round)  Jozef Kovalík (first round) Q = Qualifier WC = Wild card LL = Lucky loser Alt = Alternate SE = Special exempt PR = Protected ranking ITF = ITF entry JE = Junior exempt w/o = Walkover r = Retired d = Defaulted SR = Special ranking Main Draw Qualifying Draw"
Moyshe Kulbak;" Moyshe Kulbak (Yiddish: משה קולבאַק, Belarusian: Майсей (Мойша) Кульбак, 1896  –  1937) was a Belarusian Jewish writer who wrote in Yiddish.  Born in Smarhon (present-day Belarus, then in the Russian Empire) to a Jewish family, Kulbak studied at the famous Volozhin Yeshiva.  During the World War I he lived in Kovno (today, Kaunas, Lithuania), where he began to write poetry in Hebrew, before switching to Yiddish.[1] He made his publishing debut in Yiddish in 1916,[1] with the poem "Shterndl" (Little star). In 1918 he moved to the city of Minsk,[1] in 1919, after the Soviet Revolution, to Vilna (today Vilnius, Lithuania), and in 1920 to Berlin.  In 1923 he came back to Vilna, which after the war had become part of newly independent Poland, and was a center of Yiddish literary culture. In Vilna he taught modern Yiddish literature at the Real-Gymnasium (a Yiddish-speaking high school), as well as at the Yiddish teachers' seminary.[2] By 1928 he became disappointed with the literary atmosphere in Poland, and decided to return to Minsk (capital of the Soviet Belarus), where much of his family lived, and where there was a lively Yiddish literary scene.[1][2]  In Minsk, Kulbak worked for several media organizations and for the Jewish section of the Academy of Sciences of Belarus.  Kulbak wrote poems, fantastical or "mystical" novels, and, after moving to the Soviet Union, what are described by one source as "Soviet" satires. His novel The Zelmenyaners depicted with some realism the absurdities of Soviet life.  His mystical novella The Messiah of the House of Ephraim (1924) draws together many strands of Jewish folklore and apocalyptic belief, presenting them from a perspective that owes much to German expressionist cinema. It principally concerns the poor man Benye, who may or may not be a Messiah, and whose destiny is intertwined with the Lamed-Vavniks. (In Jewish mysticism, the Lamed-Vavniks are a group of 36 holy Jews on whose goodness the whole of humanity depends.) Benye, and the many other characters, undergo experiences the strangeness of which approaches incomprehensibility, to themselves as well as the reader. Legendary figures such as Lilith and Simkhe Plakhte are characters in the novel.  In September 1937, Moyshe Kulbak was arrested during a wave of Stalinist purges. He was accused of espionage and executed a month later together with several dozens of other Belarusian writers, intellectuals and administrators. In 1956, after the death of Joseph Stalin, he was officially rehabilitated by the Soviet authorities.[3][4]  Shirim (Poems), 1920. Die Shtot (The Village) (Romantic poem), 1920. Raysn ("Belarus") (Poems), 1922. Lider (Poems), 1922. Yankev Frank (Drama),1922. Meshiekh ben Efrayine (Novel), 1924. The Messiah of the House of Ephraim - English translation in Yenne Velt, ed. and trans. Joachim Neugroschel (1976, repr. New York: Wallaby, 1978). The Messiah of the House of Ephraim - English translation in Yenne Velt, ed. and trans. Joachim Neugroschel (1976, repr. New York: Wallaby, 1978). Vilné (Poem), 1926. Montag (Monday) (Novel), 1926. Lunes - Editado por el Círculo d´Escritores, 2014. Lunes - Editado por el Círculo d´Escritores, 2014. Bunye un Bere afn shliakh (Novel), 1927. Zelminianer (Novela), 1931, Зелменяне: роман (Russian edition translated by Rachel Boymvol), 1960[5] The Zelmenyaners: a family saga (English translation, 2013) Зельманцы (Belarusian version), Minsk, 1960 (2nd edition - 2015), Los Zelmenianos (Spanish version), Xordica editorial, Zaragoza, 2016. Зелменяне: роман (Russian edition translated by Rachel Boymvol), 1960[5] The Zelmenyaners: a family saga (English translation, 2013) Зельманцы (Belarusian version), Minsk, 1960 (2nd edition - 2015), Los Zelmenianos (Spanish version), Xordica editorial, Zaragoza, 2016. Disner Childe Harold (Child Harold from Disna) (Satiric poem), 1933. The Wind Who Lost His Temper, English translation in Yenne Velt. English translation in Yenne Velt. Boitre (Dramatic poem), 1936. Beniomine Maguidov (Play), 1937."
Eunice Taylor;" Eunice Taylor [Tuffy] (February 12, 1934 – May 8, 2009) was an American female catcher who played in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League (AAGPBL).  Taylor was born in Racine, Wisconsin on February 12, 1934.[1] She grew up in Kenosha, Wisconsin and tried out for the league as a 15-year-old, but was rejected due to her age.  She was picked up the following year by the Chicago Colleens, a barnstorming promotional team that played games across the United States and Canada playing games against the Springfield Sallies. She played for the Kenosha Comets in 1951. During her two seasons in the league, Taylor played in 85 games, with a .182 batting average and 25 RBI. As catcher she had 80 putouts and 18 assists to go along with 9 errors.[2]  The league was popularized in the 1992 movie A League of Their Own, and Taylor was reportedly the inspiration for the character played by Rosie O'Donnell in the film.[3]  In a 2005 interview, Taylor recounted how she and her brother learned the sport from their baseball-loving father. She enjoyed traveling across the country to play games and having the opportunity to see the Northeastern United States, though she was a bit homesick for her family. Taylor played a three-inning game in Yankee Stadium, the highlight of her baseball career, where she had a chance to meet Yogi Berra and Connie Mack.[4]  Taylor died in her sleep, aged 75, at her home in Mount Dora, Florida on May 8, 2009.[3]  She is survived by Diana Walega, her partner of 45 years, her brother, Donald Taylor of Tampa, four nieces and one nephew. "
List of Asian Games records in short-track speed skating;"   This is the list of Asian Winter Games records in short-track speed skating, current after the 2011 Asian Winter Games.  1986 results 1990 results 1996 results 1999 results 2003 results OCA v t e Archery Athletics Bowling Cycling Shooting Short-track speed skating Speed skating Swimming Weightlifting v t e 1986 1990 1996 1999 2003 2007 2011 2017"
Kelly Lee Owens;"   Kelly Lee Owens (born 24 August 1988)[1] is a Welsh electronic musician and producer. She released her self-titled first album in 2017 to critical praise, her follow-up album Inner Song was released in August 2020.[2] Her third studio album LP.8 was released on 29 April 2022.  Owens was born on 24 August 1988 in Rhuddlan, Flintshire on the North Wales coast. Owens recalls writing poetry as a child and that being out in nature (in her mother's fields) gave her the time and the solitude to write.[3] As a teenager, she sang in her school choir[4] and played bass and drums.[5]  Owens grew up in a nearby small village where, she describes, "everyone knows everyone else". She began working at 14 as a waitress and spent her teenage years "involved in the 2006/2007 indie scene".[6]  At age 19, Owens moved from Wales to Manchester to work at a cancer treatment hospital.[3] While working as an auxiliary nurse, Owens would use her paid leave to help run local indie festivals.[3] It was the patients who would ultimately urge her to pursue her music career.[7][3]  Owens left her career as an auxiliary nurse in a cancer ward in Manchester to pursue music in 2009.[7] After moving to London, she interned at XL Recordings[6] and worked at various record stores including Pure Groove.[3] During that time, Owens played bass in the indie band The History of Apple Pie.[5]  It was during those early days in London that Owens met Daniel Avery, James Greenwood (aka "Ghost Culture"), and Erol Alkan.[7] Avery and Greenwood, with whom she manned the counter at the now closed Pure Groove,[8] brought her into the studio and introduced her to production software and Greenwood offered to be her sound engineer.[9] Avery would later invite her to collaborate on his 2013 album Drone Logic.[10] Owens released the Oleic EP a year later, in 2016.[11]  Her eponymous album Kelly Lee Owens was released in March 2017 by the Norwegian label Smalltown Supersound. Later in 2017, she released a bonus cut from her album titled "Spaces".[12] The second track on Kelly Lee Owens, "Arthur", is a tribute to the late Arthur Russell.[5] The British luxury fashion house Alexander McQueen used the track "Arthur" for their Fall 2016 runway show prior to the release of the studio album.[13] Avery has a co-write credit on "Keep Walking" and Jenny Hval appears on "Anxi".[14]  Owens has collaborated with St. Vincent, whose single "New York", from the album Masseduction, she remixed. She also collaborated with Björk on her EP dedicated to remixes of "Arisen My Senses" from her album Utopia, and Welsh-born John Cale on the track "Corner of my Sky", from her album Inner Song.  Owens' music has been described as dream pop,[12] techno pop,[7] and has been compared to the work of Arthur Russell.[15] She has expressed interest in the connection between healing and music. In 2017, she told Pitchfork that she was considering an exhibition on the “relationship between sound, healing, and resonant frequencies".[3] She has stated that she enjoys sampling music on her iPhone. On 24 March 2020 Owens announced that her second album Inner Song would be released on 28 August.[16]  On 28 October 2021, Owens released "Unity", the theme song for the 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup in Australia and New Zealand same day as the unveiling of the event's official emblem and slogan: "Beyond Greatness".[17]  Owens announced her third studio album LP.8 in late March 2022, for release on 29 April. She co-produced the album with noise artist Lasse Marhaug.  Owens currently resides in London.[18] She can read and write Welsh although she describes herself as "not fluent".[19]    Released: 24 November 2017 Label: Smalltown Supersound Formats: LP, CD, LP+CD, digital download, streaming Released: 28 August 2020 Label: Smalltown Supersound Formats: 2LP, CD, digital download, streaming Released: 29 April 2022 Label: Smalltown Supersound Formats: LP, digital download, streaming Released: 28 May 2021 Label: Smalltown Supersound Formats: Digital download, streaming Released: 21 October 2016 Label: Smalltown Supersound Formats: 12-inch, CD, digital download, streaming Released: 24 June 2020 Label: Smalltown Supersound Formats: 12-inch, digital download, streaming Released: 8 October 2021 Label: Smalltown Supersound Formats: 12-inch Released: 8 October 2021 Label: Smalltown Supersound Formats: 12-inch Released: 1 December 2022[26] Label: Smalltown Supersound Formats: 12-inch Released: 30 May 2021 Label: Smalltown Supersound Formats: Streaming Released: 16 July 2021 Label: Smalltown Supersound Formats: Streaming"
Family Dollar;" Family Dollar Stores, Inc. is an American variety store chain. With over 8,000 locations in all states except Alaska and Hawaii, it was the second largest retailer of its type in the United States until it was acquired by Dollar Tree in 2015 and its headquarters operations were moved from Matthews, a suburb of Charlotte, North Carolina, to Chesapeake, Virginia, located in South Hampton Roads.[2]  In June 2014, activist investor and major shareholder[3] Carl Icahn demanded that Family Dollar be immediately put up for sale.[4]  On July 28, 2014, Dollar Tree announced that it would buy Family Dollar for $8.5 billion.[5][6] The sale delivered a windfall to the company's biggest shareholder Carl Icahn, who acquired his 9.4 percent stake in June 2014.[7] On January 22, 2015, Family Dollar shareholders approved the Dollar Tree bid.[8]  Family Dollar was founded in 1959 by Leon Levine, a 21-year-old entrepreneur.[9] In November of that year, the company's first store was opened, in Charlotte, North Carolina.[10] In 1961, their first store in South Carolina opened, followed by stores in Georgia and Virginia, which were opened in 1962 and 1965, respectively. During the 1960s, the store company was largely a southern United States operation. By 1969, there were fifty stores in Charlotte alone.  The 1970s were growing years for the store chain. In 1970, Family Dollar's stock went public for the first time, at $14.50 per share.[11] In 1971, the chain's 100th store opened, followed by their 200th in 1974 and their 300th in 1978. Also in 1974, a distribution center was opened in Matthews, North Carolina. In 1979, Family Dollar stock began trading at the New York Stock Exchange.  In 1981, the chain's 400th store was opened, followed by a 500th store in 1982 and a 700th in 1983. The 1980s saw expansion at a wider scale for the company, and by 1989, 1,500 stores were operating.  The 1990s saw the pace of expansion slow down compared to the 1980s, with 1,000 stores opened. The company opened distribution centers in West Memphis, Arkansas, Front Royal, Virginia and Duncan, Oklahoma. Since 2000, the pace of growth increased significantly, with the addition of about 3,500 new stores, and new distribution centers opening in Morehead, Kentucky, Maquoketa, Iowa, Odessa, Texas, Marianna, Florida, and Rome, New York.  In 2001, Family Dollar joined the S&P 500 stock market index.[12] In 2002, the company joined the Fortune 500 list of largest publicly held companies.[13]  When Leon Levine retired in 2003, his son Howard R. Levine succeeded him as Chairman and CEO, keeping this multibillion-dollar company in the family.  In March 2005, Family Dollar restated the company's fiscal 2000 to fiscal 2004 earnings per share downward by 2 cents to 3 cents a year, to correct lease-accounting issues.[14]  As of August 2011, there were 7,000 stores in 44 states.[15] According to their website in 2005, Family Dollar opened 500 new stores, 350 more in 2006, and an additional 300 in 2007. According to the Company's 2013 Corporate Profile in 2010, Family Dollar opened 200 new stores, 300 more in 2011, 475 in 2012, and an additional 500 in 2013. On October 3, 2012, Family Dollar said they will open 500 stores in 2013.[16] The next day, Family Dollar partnered with Healthways.[17] Family Dollar operates 11 distribution centers - the latest of which opened in St. George, Utah on October 16, 2013.[18]  Family Dollar created a game show based on the store in late 2016. Hosted by celebrity chef Pat Neely, the show Save to Win aired on The CW between 2016 and 2017.[19]  In May 2020, eight Family Dollar stores were damaged by rioting and looting during the George Floyd protests in Minneapolis–Saint Paul, with two locations being destroyed by arson during the widespread civil unrest.[20][21][22]  In February 2022 Family Dollar temporarily closed 400 stores in Alabama, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, and Tennessee and recalled certain products purchased from Jan. 1, 2021, through the present after the FDA found unsanitary conditions, including a rodent infestation, at the company’s distribution center in West Memphis, Arkansas.[23][24] On May 18, 2022, the company announced that the West Memphis distribution center would be shut down permanently on or before July 17, 2022 with over 300 employees affected.[25]  In March 2011, Family Dollar rejected a takeover offer by Nelson Peltz's Trian Fund Management reportedly between $55 and $60 a share.[26]  On June 6, 2014, activist investor Carl Icahn disclosed that his firm, Icahn Enterprises, held a 9.4% stake in Family Dollar.[3][27] On June 19, 2014, Icahn demanded in an open letter that Family Dollar be put up for sale immediately.[2][4] Goldman Sachs and other analysts had identified a number of potential buyers.[28][29]  As of June 19, 2014, 22% of Family Dollar's shares were controlled by activist investors.[2]  On July 28, 2014, Dollar Tree announced that it would acquire Family Dollar for $74.50 per share, a deal valuing Family Dollar at $8.5 billion, and that Dollar Tree would also assume $1 billion in debt currently owed by Family Dollar, for a total of $9.5 billion.[5][30] Dollar Tree CEO Bob Sasser said that Family Dollar CEO Howard R. Levine will remain with the company following the merger and will be appointed to Dollar Tree's board of directors.[6] Dollar General entered the bidding, shortly thereafter, surpassing Dollar Tree's offer on August 18, 2014,[31] $78.50 a share compared to Dollar Tree's offer of $74.50 a share. The enterprise value of the Dollar General bid was $9.7 billion compared to that of Dollar Tree of $9.2 billion, while the quantum return to shareholders was varying as the stock and cash deal valuation was subjected to fluctuations of price of the competing bidders stock. On August 20, 2014, Family Dollar rejected the Dollar General bid, saying it was not a matter of price, but concerns over antitrust issues that had convinced the company and its advisers that the deal could not be concluded on the terms proposed.[7] Days after, Dollar General CEO Rick Dreiling sent a letter to the Family Dollar board of directors claiming that Levine rejected merger requests to protect his job.[32] Levine, in a statement, said the Family Dollar board had been analyzing potential antitrust issues that could arise from doing a deal with Dollar General since the start of the year, and that was the reason it was not accepting the Dollar General bid.[7]  On January 22, 2015, Family Dollar shareholders approved the Dollar Tree bid.[8]  Several stores were required to be sold as a condition of the sale. Sycamore Partners acquired the stores in 2014 under the corporate name Dollar Express. The stores continued to operate under the Family Dollar name. In 2017, Dollar General acquired Dollar Express and converted the stores.[33]  As a result of Family Dollar's sale to Dollar Tree, some Family Dollar stores have opened in the same plaza, and at times even next door to Dollar Tree locations.[34] On March 6, 2019, the retailer announced that it will close up to 400 stores nationwide due to heavy pressure from an activist investor. Most store locations were either shut down entirely or replaced with Dollar Tree stores.[35]  The company has deployed a newer store format known as "H2" in new and renovated locations, which have a larger focus on groceries and incorporate Dollar Tree merchandise.[36] The company has also deployed co-branded Family Dollar/Dollar Tree stores in smaller markets.[37] "
Capnoptycha ipnitis;"   Capnoptycha ipnitis is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland and New South Wales.  The wingspan is about 12 mm. The forewings are fuscous, the median area suffused with whitish. There is a fuscous basal patch, containing several fine dark-fuscous transverse lines. The hindwings are grey.[2]    This Tortricinae-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Drachmobola ipnitis Meyrick, 1910 Dichelopa ipnitis Batodes ochrochyta Turner, 1916 Dicellitis theticophara Turner, 1925 Batodes nimbifera Turner, 1945 Acroclita albifusa Turner, 1946 Acroclita atacta Turner, 1946"
The Impossible Shapes;" The Impossible Shapes are an independent rock band from Bloomington, Indiana.[3] Since forming in 1998, the band has released eight albums in North America and Europe, sharing the stage with acts such as Wilco,[4] Guided By Voices, Interpol, Danielson Famile,[5] and Jens Lekman,[6] among others, while garnering acclaim in publications such as Spin, Magnet, and Skyscraper magazines.  The band decided to retire in July 2009. Members have included Chris Barth, Aaron Deer, Mark Rice, Jason Groth, and Peter King. Members of the Impossible Shapes have also played in: Normanoak, The Horns of Happiness, Black Cow, John Wilkes Booze, Songs: Ohia, Magnolia Electric Co., and The Coke Dares.[7]    This article on a United States band or other musical ensemble is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. The Great Migration (2000) Laughter Fills Our Hollow Dome (2002) The Current (2002) Bless the Headless (2003) We Like it Wild (2003) Horus (2005) Tum (2006) The Impossible Shapes (2008)"
Serendip;" Serendip may refer to:  Serendip,  an Old Persian name for Sri Lanka or Serandib, an Old Arabic  name for Sri Lanka SERENDIP, a SETI program at UC Berkeley Serendip Sanctuary, a protected area for wildlife in Victoria, Australia The Three Princes of Serendip, an old Persian fairy tale Serendipity (disambiguation)"
Record locking;" Record locking is the technique of preventing simultaneous access to data in a database, to prevent inconsistent results.  The classic example is demonstrated by two bank clerks attempting to update the same bank account for two different transactions.  Clerks 1 and 2 both retrieve (i.e., copy) the account's record.  Clerk 1 applies and saves a transaction.  Clerk 2 applies a different transaction to his saved copy, and saves the result, based on the original record and his changes, overwriting the transaction entered by clerk 1. The record no longer reflects the first transaction, as if it had never taken place.  A simple way to prevent this is to lock the file whenever a record is being modified by any user, so that no other user can save data. This prevents records from being overwritten incorrectly, but allows only one record to be processed at a time, locking out other users who need to edit records at the same time.  To allow several users to edit a database table at the same time and also prevent inconsistencies created by  unrestricted access, a single record can be locked when retrieved for editing or updating.  Anyone attempting to retrieve the same record for editing is denied write access because of the lock (although, depending on the implementation, they may be able to view the record without editing it).  Once the record is saved or edits are canceled, the lock is released. Records can never be saved so as to overwrite other changes, preserving data integrity.  In database management theory, locking is used to implement isolation among multiple database users.  This is the "I" in the acronym ACID.  A thorough and authoritative description of locking was written by Jim Gray.[1]  If the bank clerks (to follow the illustration above) are serving two customers, but their accounts are contained in one ledger, then the entire ledger, or one or more database tables, would need to be made available for editing to the clerks in order for each to complete a transaction, one at a time (file locking). While safe, this method can cause unnecessary waiting.  If the clerks can remove one page from the ledger, containing the account of the current customer (plus several other accounts), then multiple customers can be serviced concurrently, provided that each customer's account is found on a different page than the others. If two customers have accounts on the same page, then only one may be serviced at a time. This is analogous to a page level lock in a database.  A higher degree of granularity is achieved if each individual account may be taken by a clerk. This would allow any customer to be serviced without waiting for another customer who is accessing a different account. This is analogous to a record level lock and is normally the highest degree of locking granularity in a database management system.  In a SQL database, a record is typically called a "row".  The introduction of granular (subset) locks creates the possibility for a situation called deadlock. Deadlock is possible when incremental locking (locking one entity, then locking one or more additional entities) is used. To illustrate, if two bank customers asked two clerks to obtain their account information so they could transfer some money into other accounts, the two accounts would essentially be locked. Then, if the customers told their clerks that the money was to be transferred into each other's accounts, the clerks would search for the other accounts but find them to be "in use" and wait for them to be returned. Unknowingly, the two clerks are waiting for each other, and neither of them can complete their transaction until the other gives up and returns the account. Various techniques are used to avoid such problems.  Record locks need to be managed between the entities requesting the records such that no entity is given too much service via successive grants, and no other entity is effectively locked out. The entities that request a lock can be either individual applications (programs) or an entire processor.  The application or system should be designed such that any lock is held for the shortest time possible.  Data reading, without editing facilities, does not require a lock, and reading locked records is usually permissible.  Two main types of locks can be requested:  Exclusive locks are exclusively held by a single entity, usually for the purpose of writing to the record. If the locking schema was represented by a list, the holder list would contain only one entry. Since this type of lock effectively blocks any other entity that requires the lock from processing, care must be used to:  Non-holders of the lock (a.k.a. waiters) can be held in a list that is serviced in a round-robin fashion, or in a FIFO queue. This would ensure that any possible waiter would get equal chance to obtain the lock and not be locked out. To further speed up the process, if an entity has gone to sleep waiting for a lock, performance is improved if the entity is notified of the grant, instead of discovering it on some sort of system timeout driven wake-up.  Shared locks differ from exclusive locks in that the holder list can contain multiple entries. Shared locks allow all holders to read the contents of the record knowing that the record cannot be changed until after the lock has been released by all holders. Exclusive locks cannot be obtained when a record is already locked (exclusively or shared) by another entity.  If lock requests for the same entity are queued, then once a shared lock is granted, any queued shared locks may also be granted. If an exclusive lock is found next on the queue, it must wait until all shared locks have been released. As with exclusive locks, these shared locks should be held for the least time possible.  ensure the lock is held for the shortest time possible, not hold the lock across system or function calls where the entity is no longer running on the processor – this can lead to deadlock, ensure that if the entity is unexpectedly exited for any reason, the lock is freed. Readers–writer lock"
Lambton—Kent;" Lambton—Kent was a federal electoral district in Ontario, Canada, that was represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 1935 to 1979. This riding was created in 1933 from parts of Kent, Lambton East and Lambton West ridings.  It was initially defined as consisting of:  In 1947, it was redefined to exclude the village of Arkona (Lambton County), and the townships of Gore of Camden (Kent County).  In 1966, it was defined to consist of:   The electoral district was abolished in 1976 when it was redistributed between Essex—Kent, Kent and Lambton—Middlesex ridings.  This riding elected the following Members of Parliament:  the part of the county of Lambton contained in the townships of Brooke, Dawn, Enniskillen, Euphemia, Sombra, and Warwick, including the town of Forest, Walpole Island, St. Ann Island and the other islands at the mouth of the St. Clair River, and the part of the county of Kent contained in the townships of the Gore of Chatham, Gore of Camden, Camden and Zone. the part of the County of Kent contained in the Townships of Camden, Chatham, Dover, Harwich, Howard, Orford and Zone, the part of the County of Lambton contained in the Townships of Brooke, Dawn, Euphemia, Enniskillen and Sombra, Walpole Island Indian Reserve No. 46. List of Canadian federal electoral districts Past Canadian electoral districts Parliamentary website v t e Barrie—Innisfil Barrie—Springwater—Oro-Medonte Bruce—Grey—Owen Sound Dufferin—Caledon Durham Haliburton—Kawartha Lakes—Brock Newmarket—Aurora Northumberland—Peterborough South Peterborough—Kawartha Simcoe—Grey Simcoe North York—Simcoe Bay of Quinte Glengarry—Prescott—Russell Hastings—Lennox and Addington Kingston and the Islands Lanark—Frontenac—Kingston Leeds—Grenville—Thousand Islands and Rideau Lakes Renfrew—Nipissing—Pembroke Stormont—Dundas—South Glengarry Ajax Oshawa Pickering—Uxbridge Whitby Aurora—Oak Ridges—Richmond Hill King—Vaughan Markham—Stouffville Markham—Thornhill Markham—Unionville Richmond Hill Thornhill Vaughan—Woodbridge Scarborough—Agincourt Scarborough Centre Scarborough—Guildwood Scarborough North Scarborough—Rouge Park Scarborough Southwest Beaches—East York Davenport Don Valley East Don Valley North Don Valley West Eglinton—Lawrence Humber River—Black Creek Parkdale—High Park Spadina—Fort York Toronto Centre Toronto—Danforth Toronto—St. Paul's University—Rosedale Willowdale York Centre York South—Weston Etobicoke Centre Etobicoke—Lakeshore Etobicoke North Brampton Centre Brampton East Brampton North Brampton South Brampton West Mississauga Centre Mississauga East—Cooksville Mississauga—Erin Mills Mississauga—Lakeshore Mississauga—Malton Mississauga—Streetsville Burlington Milton Oakville Oakville North—Burlington Flamborough—Glanbrook Hamilton Centre Hamilton East—Stoney Creek Hamilton Mountain Hamilton West—Ancaster—Dundas Niagara Centre Niagara Falls Niagara West St. Catharines Brantford—Brant Cambridge Guelph Haldimand—Norfolk Huron—Bruce Kitchener Centre Kitchener—Conestoga Kitchener South—Hespeler Oxford Perth—Wellington Waterloo Wellington—Halton Hills Algoma—Manitoulin—Kapuskasing Kenora Nickel Belt Nipissing—Timiskaming Parry Sound—Muskoka Sault Ste. Marie Sudbury Thunder Bay—Rainy River Thunder Bay—Superior North Timmins—James Bay Chatham-Kent—Leamington Elgin—Middlesex—London Essex Lambton—Kent—Middlesex London—Fanshawe London North Centre London West Sarnia—Lambton Windsor—Tecumseh Windsor West Carleton Kanata—Carleton Nepean Orléans Ottawa Centre Ottawa South Ottawa—Vanier Ottawa West—Nepean See also: Former ridings in Ontario Provincial ridings in Ontario"
Bi-elliptic transfer;" In astronautics and aerospace engineering, the bi-elliptic transfer is an orbital maneuver that moves a spacecraft from one orbit to another and may, in certain situations, require less delta-v than a Hohmann transfer maneuver.  The bi-elliptic transfer consists of two half-elliptic orbits. From the initial orbit, a first burn expends delta-v to boost the spacecraft into the first transfer orbit with an apoapsis at some point      r  b     {\displaystyle r_{b}}   away from the central body. At this point a second burn sends the spacecraft into the second elliptical orbit with periapsis at the radius of the final desired orbit, where a third burn is performed, injecting the spacecraft into the desired orbit.[1]  While they require one more engine burn than a Hohmann transfer and generally require a greater travel time, some bi-elliptic transfers require a lower amount of total delta-v than a Hohmann transfer when the ratio of final to initial semi-major axis is 11.94 or greater, depending on the intermediate semi-major axis chosen.[2]  The idea of the bi-elliptical transfer trajectory was first[citation needed] published by Ary Sternfeld in 1934.[3]  The three required changes in velocity can be obtained directly from the vis-viva equation  In what follows,  Starting from the initial circular orbit with radius      r  1     {\displaystyle r_{1}}   (dark blue circle in the figure to the right), a prograde burn (mark 1 in the figure) puts the spacecraft on the first elliptical transfer orbit (aqua half-ellipse). The magnitude of the required delta-v for this burn is  When the apoapsis of the first transfer ellipse is reached at a distance      r  b     {\displaystyle r_{b}}   from the primary, a second prograde burn (mark 2) raises the periapsis to match the radius of the target circular orbit, putting the spacecraft on a second elliptic trajectory (orange half-ellipse). The magnitude of the required delta-v for the second burn is  Lastly, when the final circular orbit with radius      r  2     {\displaystyle r_{2}}   is reached, a retrograde burn (mark 3) circularizes the trajectory into the final target orbit (red circle). The final retrograde burn requires a delta-v of magnitude  If      r  b   =  r  2     {\displaystyle r_{b}=r_{2}}  , then the maneuver reduces to a Hohmann transfer (in that case     Δ  v  3     {\displaystyle \Delta v_{3}}   can be verified to become zero). Thus the bi-elliptic transfer constitutes a more general class of orbital transfers, of which the Hohmann transfer is a special two-impulse case.  The maximal possible savings can be computed by assuming that      r  b   = ∞   {\displaystyle r_{b}=\infty }  , in which case the total     Δ v   {\displaystyle \Delta v}   simplifies to       μ  /   r  1      (    2   − 1  )   (  1 +    r  1    /   r  2      )    {\textstyle {\sqrt {\mu /r_{1}}}\left({\sqrt {2}}-1\right)\left(1+{\sqrt {r_{1}/r_{2}}}\right)}  . In this case, one also speaks of a bi-parabolic transfer because the two transfer trajectories are no longer ellipses but parabolas. The transfer time increases to infinity too.  Like the Hohmann transfer, both transfer orbits used in the bi-elliptic transfer constitute exactly one half of an elliptic orbit. This means that the time required to execute each phase of the transfer is half the orbital period of each transfer ellipse.  Using the equation for the orbital period and the notation from above,  The total transfer time     t   {\displaystyle t}   is the sum of the times required for each half-orbit. Therefore:  The figure shows the total     Δ v   {\displaystyle \Delta v}   required to transfer from a circular orbit of radius      r  1     {\displaystyle r_{1}}   to another circular orbit of radius      r  2     {\displaystyle r_{2}}  . The     Δ v   {\displaystyle \Delta v}   is shown normalized to the orbital speed in the initial orbit,      v  1     {\displaystyle v_{1}}  , and is plotted as a function of the ratio of the radii of the final and initial orbits,     R ≡  r  2    /   r  1     {\displaystyle R\equiv r_{2}/r_{1}}  , this is done so that the comparison is general (i.e. not dependent of the specific values of      r  1     {\displaystyle r_{1}}   and      r  2     {\displaystyle r_{2}}  , only on their ratio).[2]  The thick black curve indicates the     Δ v   {\displaystyle \Delta v}   for the Hohmann transfer, while the thinner colored curves correspond to bi-elliptic transfers with varying values of the parameter     α ≡  r  b    /   r  1     {\displaystyle \alpha \equiv r_{b}/r_{1}}  , defined as the apoapsis radius      r  b     {\displaystyle r_{b}}   of the elliptic auxiliary orbit normalized to the radius of the initial orbit, and indicated next to the curves. The inset shows a close-up of the region where the bi-elliptic curves cross the Hohmann curve for the first time.  One sees that the Hohmann transfer is always more efficient if the ratio of radii     R   {\displaystyle R}   is smaller than 11.94. On the other hand, if the radius of the final orbit is more than 15.58 times larger than the radius of the initial orbit, then any bi-elliptic transfer, regardless of its apoapsis radius (as long as it's larger than the radius of the final orbit), requires less     Δ v   {\displaystyle \Delta v}   than a Hohmann transfer. Between the ratios of 11.94 and 15.58, which transfer is best depends on the apoapsis distance      r  b     {\displaystyle r_{b}}  . For any given     R   {\displaystyle R}   in this range, there is a value of      r  b     {\displaystyle r_{b}}   above which the bi-elliptic transfer is superior and below which the Hohmann transfer is better. The following table lists the value of     α ≡  r  b    /   r  1     {\displaystyle \alpha \equiv r_{b}/r_{1}}   that results in the bi-elliptic transfer being better for some selected cases.[4]  The long transfer time of the bi-elliptic transfer,  The Hohmann transfer takes less than half of the time because there is just one transfer half-ellipse. To be precise,  While a bi-elliptic transfer has a small parameter window where it's strictly superior to a Hohmann Transfer in terms of delta V for a planar transfer between circular orbits, the savings is fairly small, and a bi-elliptic transfer is a far greater aid when used in combination with certain other maneuvers.  At apoapsis, the spacecraft is travelling at low orbital velocity, and significant changes in periapsis can be achieved for small delta V cost.  Transfers that resemble a bi-elliptic but which incorporate a plane-change maneuver at apoapsis can dramatically save delta-V on missions where the plane needs to be adjusted as well as the altitude, versus making the plane change in low circular orbit on top of a Hohmann transfer.  Likewise, dropping periapsis all the way into the atmosphere of a planetary body for aerobraking is inexpensive in velocity at apoapsis, but permits the use of "free" drag to aid in the final circularization burn to drop apoapsis, though it adds an extra mission stage of periapsis-raising back out of the atmosphere, this may, under some parameters, cost significantly less delta V than simply dropping periapsis in one burn from circular orbit.  To transfer from a circular low Earth orbit with r0 = 6700 km to a new circular orbit with r1 = 93 800 km using a Hohmann transfer orbit requires a Δv of 2825.02 + 1308.70 = 4133.72 m/s. However, because r1 = 14r0 > 11.94r0, it is possible to do better with a bi-elliptic transfer. If the spaceship first accelerated 3061.04 m/s, thus achieving an elliptic orbit with apogee at r2 = 40r0 = 268 000 km, then at apogee accelerated another 608.825 m/s to a new orbit with perigee at r1 = 93 800 km, and finally at perigee of this second transfer orbit decelerated by 447.662 m/s, entering the final circular orbit, then the total Δv would be only 4117.53 m/s, which is 16.19 m/s (0.4%) less.  The Δv saving could be further improved by increasing the intermediate apogee, at the expense of longer transfer time. For example, an apogee of 75.8r0 = 507 688 km (1.3 times the distance to the Moon) would result in a 1% Δv saving over a Hohmann transfer, but require a transit time of 17 days. As an impractical extreme example, an apogee of 1757r0 = 11 770 000 km (30 times the distance to the Moon) would result in a 2% Δv saving over a Hohmann transfer, but the transfer would require 4.5 years (and, in practice, be perturbed by the gravitational effects of other Solar system bodies). For comparison, the Hohmann transfer requires 15 hours and 34 minutes.  Evidently, the bi-elliptic orbit spends more of its delta-v early on (in the first burn). This yields a higher contribution to the specific orbital energy and, due to the Oberth effect, is responsible for the net reduction in required delta-v.  Apsis Argument of periapsis Eccentricity Inclination Mean anomaly Orbital nodes Semi-major axis True anomaly Circular orbit Elliptic orbit (Hohmann transfer orbit Bi-elliptic transfer orbit) Parabolic orbit Hyperbolic orbit Radial orbit Decaying orbit Dynamical friction Escape velocity Kepler's equation Kepler's laws of planetary motion Orbital period Orbital velocity Surface gravity Specific orbital energy Vis-viva equation Barycenter Hill sphere Perturbations Sphere of influence (Halo orbits) Lissajous orbits Lyapunov orbits Mass ratio Payload fraction Propellant mass fraction Tsiolkovsky rocket equation Gravity assist Oberth effect v t e     v   {\displaystyle v}   is the speed of an orbiting body,     μ = G M   {\displaystyle \mu =GM}   is the standard gravitational parameter of the primary body,     r   {\displaystyle r}   is the distance of the orbiting body from the primary, i.e., the radius,     a   {\displaystyle a}   is the semi-major axis of the body's orbit.      r  1     {\displaystyle r_{1}}   is the radius of the initial circular orbit,      r  2     {\displaystyle r_{2}}   is the radius of the final circular orbit,      r  b     {\displaystyle r_{b}}   is the common apoapsis radius of the two transfer ellipses and is a free parameter of the maneuver,      a  1     {\displaystyle a_{1}}   and      a  2     {\displaystyle a_{2}}   are the semimajor axes of the two elliptical transfer orbits, which are given by      a  1   =     r  1   +  r  b    2   ,   {\displaystyle a_{1}={\frac {r_{1}+r_{b}}{2}},}   and      a  2   =     r  2   +  r  b    2   .   {\displaystyle a_{2}={\frac {r_{2}+r_{b}}{2}}.}    Δv applied prograde  Δv applied retrograde Spaceflight portal Delta-v budget Oberth effect"
The Theatre;"   The Theatre was an Elizabethan playhouse in Shoreditch (in Curtain Road, part of the modern London Borough of Hackney), just outside the City of London. It was the first permanent theatre ever built in England. It was built in 1576 after the Red Lion, and the first successful one. Built by actor-manager James Burbage, near the family home in Holywell Street, The Theatre is considered the first theatre built in London for the sole purpose of theatrical productions. The Theatre's history includes a number of important acting troupes including the Lord Chamberlain's Men, which employed Shakespeare as actor and playwright. After a dispute with the landlord, the theatre was dismantled and the timbers used in the construction of the Globe Theatre on Bankside.  The Mayor and Corporation of London banned plays in 1572 as a measure against the plague, not wanting to attract crowds of strangers. In 1575 they formally expelled all players from the city.[1] This prompted the construction of playhouses outside the jurisdiction of London, in the liberties of Halliwell/Holywell in Shoreditch and later the Clink, and at Newington Butts near the established entertainment district of St. George's Fields in rural Surrey.[1] The Theatre was constructed in 1576 by James Burbage in partnership with his brother-in-law, one John Brayne, (the owner of the Red Lion)[2] on property that had originally been the grounds of the dissolved Halliwell Priory (or Holywell). Brayne had advanced Burbage the money needed to build The Theatre, and in return, Brayne received a portion of the profits and owned some of the property (Burbage married Brayne's daughter Ellen in 1575).[3] The Theatre was in Shoreditch, beyond the northern boundary of the City of London and outside the jurisdiction of civil authorities, who were often opposed to the theatre. This area in the "suburbs of sin" was notorious for licentious behaviour, brothels and gaming houses. A year later the Curtain Theatre was built nearby, making the area London's first theatrical and entertainment district.[4] "When Burbage and Brayne mortgaged The Theatre, Brayne had just recently resolved another fight with one of his brothers-in-law over a different mortgage" [5] Brayne and Burbage had never written a contract, which eventually led to many quarrels concerning who spent what on getting The Theatre started.[6]  Throughout the building of The Theatre, Burbage and Brayne continually became indebted to each other. To fix this they constructed schemes to keep the building of The Theatre going. John Hind was one of the creditors for the construction of The Theatre, however, almost nothing else is known about him except that there was also a contract between him and Burbage/Brayne which entailed that he arrange players for them. One of their schemes was to put on plays in The Theatre while it was still being built, to raise money for further construction.[7]  Although Burbage's son later claimed the Theatre as the first permanent playhouse in the London conurbation, it may not have been the first permanent theatre to serve Londoners.  The Newington Butts Theatre may have been built as early as 1575,[8] certainly actor Jerome Savage renewed a lease on the site on 25 March 1576, three weeks before Burbage's lease in Shoreditch.[9] Newington Butts was clearly established by Lady Day 1577,[10] and Wickham et al. interpret the available documents as saying that Savage was adapting an existing building constructed by Richard Hicks rather than building from scratch.[11]  The design of The Theatre was possibly adapted from the inn-yards that had served as playing spaces for actors and/or bear baiting pits. The building was a polygonal wooden building with three galleries surrounding an open yard. From one side of the polygon extended a thrust stage. The Theatre is said to have cost £700 to construct, which is a considerable sum for the age.[12]  The open yard in front of the stage was cobbled and provided standing room for those who paid a penny. For another penny, the attendees were allowed into the galleries where they could either stand or, for a third penny, procure a stool. One of the galleries, though sources do not state which, was divided into small compartments that could be used by the wealthy and aristocrats. The playhouse was a timber building with a tile roof, other materials used to construct the Theatre were brick, sand, lime, lead, and iron.  Owing to a lack of paperwork not much is truly known about the Theatre's appearance, but it has been described as an "amphitheater".[6]  The Theatre opened in the autumn of 1576, possibly as a venue for Leicester's Men, the acting company of Robert Dudley, 1st Earl of Leicester of which James Burbage was a member. In the 1580s the Admiral's Men, of which James Burbage's son, Richard was a member, took up residence. After a disagreement between the company and young Burbage, most of the company left for the Rose Theatre which was under the management of Philip Henslowe.  In 1594, Richard Burbage became the leading actor of the Lord Chamberlain's Men which performed at The Theatre until 1597. Poet, playwright and actor William Shakespeare was also in the employ of the company and some of his  early plays had their première at The Theatre.  "At Christmas 1594 [Richard] was summoned with two other members of his company, William Kempe and William Shakespeare, to act before the queen at Greenwich Palace... Numerous performances before Queen Elizabeth followed, and Shakespeare doubtless often accompanied Burbage on many subsequent professional visits to one or other of the royal palaces."[3] Richard's most noted role is—which holds close to his namesake — his part as Richard in Shakespeare's Richard III. After the Burbages stripped The Theatre of its materials to erect The Globe, many of Shakespeare's plays were performed at the famous theatre in the summer and the Blackfriars house, another of the Burbage's theatres, was used as a winter playhouse.[3]  Towards the end of 1596, problems arose with the property's landlord, Giles Allen. Consequently, in 1597, the Lord Chamberlain's Men were forced to stop playing at The Theatre and moved to the nearby Curtain. The lease had been granted to Richard Burbage and his brother Cuthbert Burbage upon the death of their father. The lease that the late James Burbage had obtained from Allen in 1576 was to last only twenty years, but when that day did come, in 1596, Allen "stipulated that the playhouse should only be applied to theatrical purposes for another five years. This stipulation was contested by Burbage, and he and his sons began a harassing lawsuit with Allen. But before the dispute had gone very far Burbage died (in the spring of 1597) and the suit was continued by his sons Richard and Cuthbert."[3] The sight of the deserted Theatre prompted these lines from a minor satirist of the day:  ...But see yonder, One like the unfrequented Theatre Walks in dark silence and vast solitude.  Brayne's widow, Margaret Brayne, and former business partner, Robert Myles, filed a lawsuit against the Burbages after Brayne's death in 1586. When Brayne passed the Burbages halted their payments to Margaret for their debt. When they filed lawsuit, Margaret and Robert showed up at The Theatre demanding half of everything inside of it—in disagreement, Richard Burbage physically assaulted Robert Myles, and Robert and Margaret left empty handed. However, this was not the end as Myles attempted to bring down the Burbages in another two lawsuits, which both ended in failure. "The old disputes of the Theatre were overtaken by the new litigation of the Alleyns-the original owners, when the Burbages dismantled the Theatre and rebuilt it as the Globe."[13] At the time of Margaret Brayne's death there were still lawsuits that had not been settled, and in her last will and testament she left all of her prospective winnings to Robert Myles.[6]  Though Giles Allen was the landlord John Hyde legally owned the lease to the Theatre and would return the lease to Richard and Cuthbert Burbage and Margaret Brayne for the sum of £30.  Cuthbert then went to Walter Cope, a trusted business man, and had Cope ask Hyde if Cuthbert could outright pay for the lease and own it himself.  Cuthbert paid and outright owned the lease now, ultimately squeezing Margaret Brayne out of the business.  They justified this by stating that now that the lease was in Cuthbert's name and no longer in James’ name John Brayne had no dealings with the Theatre and therefore neither did Margaret Brayne.[6]  This state of affairs forced the Burbage brothers to take drastic action to save their investment. In defiance of the landlord and with the help of their friend and financial backer William Smith, chief carpenter Peter Street and ten or twelve workmen, they dismantled the theatre on the night of 28 December 1598 and moved the structure piecemeal to Street's yard near to Bridewell. With the onset of more favourable weather in the following spring, the material was ferried over the Thames to reconstruct it as The Globe.[14][15]  Giles Allen then sued Peter Street in January 1599 for trespassing on the property of the Theatre, stating that Street had no right to dismantle the Theatre and move the supplies.  He also attempted to sue Cuthbert and Richard Burbage for trespassing.[6]  In August 2008, archaeologists from the Museum of London excavating in New Inn Broadway, Shoreditch, announced they had found the foundation of a polygonal structure they believed to be the remains of the north-eastern corner of The Theatre.[16][17][18] The Theatre and Shakespeare's involvement with it are commemorated by two plaques on 86–90 Curtain Road,[19] the building at the corner with New Inn Yard currently occupied by a Foxtons office.[20] The remains of the theatre are listed as Scheduled monument.[21]  Berry, Herbert. "John Brayne and his other brother-in-law." Shakespeare Studies (2002): 93+. Literature Resource Center. Web. 11 Mar. 2013.  Coordinates: 51°31′28.5″N 0°4′48″W﻿ / ﻿51.524583°N 0.08000°W﻿ / 51.524583, -0.08000  Inn-yard theatre Curtain Theatre – opened in the following year further down Curtain Road Globe Theatre The Rose Shakespeare's Globe"
Arthraxon hispidus;"   Arthraxon hispidus, is a grass commonly known as small carpetgrass[2] or hairy jointgrass. It is native to East Asia and was accidentally introduced to the United States, where it is considered an Invasive species.  This Panicoideae article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Alectoridia quartiniana A.Rich.  Andropogon alectoridia Steud.  Andropogon amplexifolius Trin.  Andropogon ciliaris (P.Beauv.) Raspail  Andropogon lasiocoleus Steud.  Andropogon micans (Nees) Steud.  Andropogon plumbeus (Steud.) Hochst.  Andropogon violaceus B.Heyne ex Steud. [Invalid]  Arthraxon caucasicus (Rupr. ex Regel) Tzvelev  Arthraxon centrasiaticus (Griseb.) Gamajun.  Arthraxon ciliaris P.Beauv.  Arthraxon coloratus Hochst.  Arthraxon cryptatherus (Hack.) Koidz.  Arthraxon glabrescens Andersson ex Hack. [Invalid]  Arthraxon gracilis (Kunth) Hochst.  Arthraxon hookeri (Hack.) Henrard  Arthraxon japonicus Miq.  Arthraxon kobuna Honda  Arthraxon langsdorffii (Trin.) Hochst.  Arthraxon langsdorfianus (Steud.) Hochst. [Illegitimate]  Arthraxon lasiocoleus (Steud.) Hochst.  Arthraxon major (Hochst. ex Steud.) Hochst.  Arthraxon mauritianus Stapf ex C.E.Hubb.  Arthraxon micans (Nees) Hochst.  Arthraxon okamotoi Ohwi  Arthraxon pallidus Henrard  Arthraxon pauciflorus Honda  Arthraxon plumbeus Hochst.  Arthraxon quartinianus (A.Rich.) Nash  Arthraxon violaceus (Steud.) Hochst.  Batratherum micans Nees  Batratherum plumbeum Munro ex Duthie [Invalid]  Chilochloa hispida (Thunb.) P.Beauv. [Invalid]  Deyeuxia japonica Spreng. [Illegitimate]  Digitaria hispida (Thunb.) Spreng.  Dimeria scrobiculata C.B.Clarke ex Koord.  Lasiolytrum hirtum Steud. [Invalid]  Lasiolytrum hispidum (Thunb.) Steud.  Leersia hispida (Thunb.) Thunb.  Lucaea gracilis Kunth  Lucaea langsdorffiana Steud. [Illegitimate]  Lucaea major Hochst. ex Steud.  Lucaea plumbea Steud.  Lucaea violacea Steud.  Lucaea vriesii Buse  Phalaris hispida Thunb.  Pleuroplitis caucasica (Regel) Rupr. ex Trautv.  Pleuroplitis centrasiatica Griseb.  Pleuroplitis langsdorffii Trin.  Pleuroplitis major (Steud.) Regel [Illegitimate]  Pleuroplitis plumbea Nees ex Arn.  Pleuroplitis quartiniana (A.Rich.) Regel  Pleuroplitis violacea Nees ex Hochst. [Invalid]  Pollinia ciliaris (P.Beauv.) Spreng.  Sorghum ciliare (P.Beauv.) Kuntze  Spodiopogon ciliaris (P.Beauv.) Nees ex Steud.  Arthraxon cuspidatus (Hochst. ex A. Rich.) Hochst. "
Akademiks;" Akademiks (an intentional misspelling of "academics") is an American brand of streetwear clothing popular with devotees of hip hop music, art and fashion. The label was founded by two brothers, Donwan and Emmett Harrell, along with a group of partners.  Akademiks has collaborated with Dutchess and Ceaser, the stars of VH1's Black Ink Crew, on a line of streetwear and hats.[citation needed]  Akademiks has gained popularity in the clothing industry due to the number of celebrities who wear the brand.  In 1999, the Harrell brothers founded Akademiks with the aid of Elliot Betesh, a co-founder of Dr. Jay's clothing stores. The name Akademiks was based on their conviction that education is essential.[1]    This clothing-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Pride (Japanese TV series);"   Pride (プライド, Puraido) is a Japanese drama series premiered on Fuji TV in 2004.[1][2] Takuya Kimura played the lead role.[3]  The show revolves around a corporate ice hockey team, the Blue Scorpions.  The main character is Haru Satonaka (spelled Halu in the show), the captain of the team.  Other team members are Yamato Hotta (the goalie), Makoto Shimamura (the rookie) and Tomonori Ikegami.  In the first episode, we learn that Haru idolizes their coach, Anzai, who was a former hockey player.  When he dies from an illness by the end of the first episode, Haru puts it upon himself to take care of his coach's widow, Yoko, and their young son, Wataru.  The introduction of the team's new coach (Yuichiro Hyodo) does not go well, as Haru refuses to conform to the new methods, especially after Hyodo insults Ansai's way of coaching.  This sets up a very antagonistic relationship between the two men. Aside from the hockey, another aspect of the show is the members' love life. Haru treats his relationships as games, refusing to fall in love.  This is probably a result of his promise to Anzai to remain an "iceman", believing that a relationship, especially if children were born, would have a negative effect on his game.  He believes he's found the perfect solution by starting a relationship with Aki Murase, an office lady from his team's corporation.  Their "contracted" relationship is a game, as she is waiting for the return of her architect boyfriend in New York.  However, she hasn't heard from him in 2 years, and she knows the relationship is over.  Still, she goes every Sunday to a bridge to wait for him.  Yamato is in a conflicted relationship with Yuri Aizawa, a friend and fellow office lady of Aki.  She is a self-confessed gold-digger, vowing never to live the same difficult life as her poor single mother.  She believes that Yamato is from a rich family, as he was driving Tomo's car the night they met.  He tries to tell her the truth, but she thinks he's only joking.  He doesn't want to be in a relationship built on a lie.  Tomo is the playboy on the team.  After finding out that he was the product of an affair, he rebelled, constantly throwing away the money his rich father gives him on friends and women.  Usually staying with one night stands, he finds a possible partner in Chika Ishikawa, yet another of Aki's friends and co-workers.  Almost all of the songs in this drama were by Queen. "Bohemian Rhapsody", "We Will Rock You", "We Are the Champions", "Radio Ga Ga", "Too Much Love Will Kill You", "Let Me Live" etc. were used in this drama.  In the tables below, the blue numbers represent the lowest ratings and the red numbers represent the highest ratings.  Takuya Kimura as Haru Satonaka Yūko Takeuchi as Aki Murase Kenji Sakaguchi as Yamato Hotta Noriko Nakagoshi as Yuri Aizawa Ryuta Sato as Makoto Shimamura MEGUMI as Chika Ishikawa Somegoro Ichikawa as Tomonori Ikegami Saori Takizawa as Saeko Sonoda Kōichi Satō as Yuichiro Hyodo Saburō Tokitō as Kengo Anzai Yuriko Ishida as Yoko "I Was Born to Love You" by Queen as opening theme."
Śpiglówka;" Śpiglówka [ɕpiˈɡlufka] (German: Spiegelswalde, until 1938: Spieglowken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.[1] It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Reszel, 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Kętrzyn, and 50 km (31 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.   The village has a population of 16.    Coordinates: 53°57′N 21°12′E﻿ / ﻿53.950°N 21.200°E﻿ / 53.950, 21.200    This Kętrzyn County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Ralph Carpenter (American football);" Ralph L. "Sporty" Carpenter (August 6, 1930 – February 16, 1990) was an American football and baseball coach. He served as the head football coach at Henderson State University in Arkadelphia, Arkansas from 1971 to 1989, compiling a record of 119–76–5. Carpenter was also the head baseball coach at Henderson State from 1970 to 1975, tallying a mark of 106–68.  A native of Hamburg, Arkansas, Carpenter played college football at Henderson State from 1954 to 1956 under head coach Duke Wells.  He returned to Henderson State in 1967 as assistant football coach. Carpenter died on February 16, 1990, at a hospital in Memphis, Tennessee from complications of a liver transplant.[1] "
Meziraa;" Meziraa is a town and commune in Biskra Province, Algeria.  Coordinates: 34°43′18″N 6°17′34″E﻿ / ﻿34.7216°N 6.2928°E﻿ / 34.7216, 6.2928    This article about a location in Biskra Province is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. v t e Biskra Djemourah Foughala El Kantara El Outaya M'Chouneche Ouled Djellal Ourlal Sidi Khaled Sidi Okba Tolga Zeribet El Oued Aïn Naga Ain Zaatout Biskra Bordj Ben Azzouz Bouchagroune Branis Chetma Djemorah Doucen El Feidh El Ghrous El Hadjeb El Haouch El Kantara El Outaya Foughala Khenguet Sidi Nadjil Lichana Lioua M'Chouneche Mekhadma Meziraa M'Lili Ouled Djellal Ouled Harkat Ouled Rahma Ouled Sassi Oumache Ourlala Sidi Khaled Sidi Okba Tolga Zeribet El Oued v t e"
Maximilian Stoll;" Maximilian Stoll (October 12, 1742 – May 25, 1787) was an Austrian physician who was a native of Erzingen, Baden-Württemberg.  Stoll originally trained as a theologian, with his interests later turning to medicine, and in 1776 attained a professorship at the University of Vienna. Soon afterwards, he succeeded Anton de Haen (1704–1776) at the Vienna clinic. In Vienna he worked closely with Leopold Auenbrugger (1722–1809) and Anton von Störck (1731–1803). One of Stoll's better known students was phrenologist Franz Joseph Gall (1758–1828).  Stoll is remembered for his epidemiological and systematic approach to medicine. He stressed the importance of knowing the clinical details of a patient's history, and installed a practice of keeping daily progress records of patients. He also developed a system of classifying diseases that was similar to the nosology of Thomas Sydenham (1624–1689). Stoll was one of the first practitioners of Auenbrugger's percussion methodology. In 1777 he is credited with providing the first description of gall bladder cancer.  Stoll was a popular lecturer, and is considered an important figure in the "Old Vienna School" of medicine, a group that included Auenbrugger, Störck, Gerard van Swieten (1700–1772), et al.    This biographical article related to medicine in Austria is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Maximiliani Stoll Dissertatio de materia medica practica : opus postumum . [Augsburg] 1788 Digital edition by the University and State Library Düsseldorf This article is based on a translation of an article from the German Wikipedia. Clinical teaching, past and present by H. Beukers and John Michael Henderson Moll v t e Age of Enlightenment Liberalism (Liberalism in Germany) Rationalism Freemasonry (Freemasonry in Germany) Anti-clericalism Secularism French Revolution (Jacobinism) Congress of Wilhelmsbad Charles Theodore, Elector of Bavaria Jacob Friedrich von Abel Franz von Albini August von Sachsen-Gotha-Altenburg Jens Baggesen Karl Friedrich Bahrdt Aloys Basselet von La Rosée August Batsch Rudolph Zacharias Becker Johann Joachim Bellermann Johann Erich Biester Aloys Blumauer Johann von Böber Johann Joachim Christoph Bode Johann Michael Böck Ignaz von Born Karl Böttiger Joachim Heinrich Campe Christian Cannabich Karl August, Grand Duke of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach Philipp von Cobenzl Hieronymus von Colloredo Ignaz Cornova Karl Theodor Anton Maria von Dalberg Anton Dereser Johann Georg von Dillis Christian Wilhelm von Dohm Karl von Eckartshausen Rudolf Eickemeyer Ernest II, Duke of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg Johann Georg Heinrich Feder Ferdinand, Prince of Brunswick-Lüneburg  Junius Frey Frederick Christian II, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg Frederick V, Landgrave of Hesse-Homburg Friedrich Ferdinand Constantin von Sachsen-Weimar-Eisenach Christian Garve Friedrich Gedike Otto Heinrich von Gemmingen-Hornberg Johann Wolfgang von Goethe Leopold Friedrich Günther von Goeckingk Johann Casimir Häffelin Karl August von Hardenberg Lorenz Leopold Haschka August Adolph von Hennings Johann Gottfried Herder Andreas Joseph Hofmann Christoph Wilhelm Hufeland Gottlieb Hufeland Isaak Iselin Friedrich Heinrich Jacobi Karl von Hesse-Kassel Wenzel Anton, Prince of Kaunitz-Rietberg Martin Gottlieb Klauer Johann Friedrich Kleuker Adolph Knigge Christian Gottfried Körner Karl Heinrich Lang Franz Michael Leuchsenring Justus Christian Loder Ludwig I, Grand Duke of Hesse Jakob Mauvillon Beda Mayr Christoph Meiners August Gottlieb Meißner Ludwig August Mellin Honoré Gabriel Riqueti, comte de Mirabeau Daniel Gotthilf Moldenhawer Maximilian von Montgelas Johannes von Müller Friedrich Münter Johann Karl August Musäus Christian Gottlob Neefe Christoph Friedrich Nicolai Franz Oberthür Dietrich Heinrich Ludwig von Ompteda Christian Adolph Overbeck Johann Heinrich Pestalozzi Karl Leonhard Reinhold Franz Anton Ries Christian Gotthilf Salzmann Friedrich Schlichtegroll Johann Georg Schlosser Ernst Friedrich von Schlotheim Nikolaus Simrock Samuel Thomas von Sömmerring Joseph von Sonnenfels Ludwig Timotheus Spittler Anton Matthias Sprickmann Johan Philip Stadion von Warthausen Maximilian Stoll Gottfried van Swieten Johann Nepomuk von Triva François-Charles de Velbrück Franz Michael Vierthaler Wilderich of Walderdorf Adam Weishaupt Lorenz von Westenrieder Franz Xaver von Zach Owl of Minerva Rite of Strict Observance Josephinism Enlightened absolutism Weimar Classicism Sturm und Drang Anti-Catholicism New World Order (conspiracy theory) Augustin Barruel's Memoirs Illustrating the History of Jacobinism John Robison Illuminati in popular culture   Category  Society portal ISNI 1 1 VIAF 1 1 WorldCat Spain France (data) Germany United States Greece Netherlands Poland Vatican Germany Faceted Application of Subject Terminology SUDOC (France) 1 1 v t e"
Bill Gunn (Queensland politician, born 1895);"   William Morrison Gunn (19 April 1895 – 9 April 1970) was a member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly.[1]  Gunn was born at Mackay, Queensland, the son of the William Gunn and his wife Mary (née McLeod). He was educated at Brisbane, Gympie, and Laidley before joining the 1st AIF at the start of World War I. He was stationed with the 2nd Light Horse Brigade and saw action in Gallipoli and Palestine and in April 1917 promoted to sergeant.[1]  In the same month as his promotion, Gunn was shot in the head and left elbow by opposing forces near Gaza. He was found to have a fractured skull and was put on the dangerously ill list. He was deemed unfit for fighting and returned home in May 1917. After his return he was a grocer at Wynnum.[1]  On 29 October 1921 Gunn married Edith Annie Curtis[1] (died 1971)[2] and together had a son and a daughter.[1] He died at Manly in April 1970.[1]  At the 1944 Queensland state election, Gunn, for the Labor Party, won the seat of Wynnum, defeating the sitting member, Bill Dart.[3] He held Wynnum for 22 years before retiring at the 1966 Queensland state election,    "
Frederick A. Halsey;" Frederick Arthur Halsey (July 12, 1856 – October 20, 1935) was an American mechanical engineer and economist, who was long-time editor of the American Machinist magazine, and particularly known for his 1891 article, entitled "The premium plan of paying for labor."[1][2]  Halsey was born in Unadilla, New York to the physician Gaius Leonard Halsey, and Juliet Cartington Halsey. He was the younger brother of Francis Whiting Halsey (1851–1919), who became a noted American journalist, editor and historian. At the age of 22 in 1878 Frederick graduated from Cornell University with a degree in mechanical engineering.  Halsey was editor of the American Machinist. In his famous 1891 paper "The Premium Plan of Paying for Labor," he argued "against piecework payment and profit-sharing, and proposing an incentive wage system with an hourly wage, production requirements, and additional pay incentives for workers who exceed production goals -- had a major impact on the subsequent structure of labor pay in America and Britain."  In 1902 he was representative of the National Association of Manufacturers and successful opposed the metric system adoption in United States. In 1917 he was one of the founding members the American Institute of Weights and Measures to keep opposing the adoption of the metric system in the US.  In 1922 he was awarded the ASME Medal by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers for "eminently distinguished engineering achievement".[3]  At the June, 1891, meeting of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, Halsey presented a paper entitled "The Premium Plan of Paying for Labor." In this paper Halsey presents four types of labor payment:  Hugo Diemer (1904) summarized:  Halsey briefly outlines the advantages and disadvantages of the day-work plan, the piece-work plan, and the profit-sharing plan, and then describes the premium plan as used by himself, citing specific instances illustrating the working of the method. 'Under the day-work system, matters settle down to an easy-going pace, and the employer pays extravagantly for his product.' With regard to piece work, Halsey discusses at length the evils of rate-cutting. He presents as an objection to the piece-work plan an argument that may in many cases be a strong one in its favor, namely, that it requires a knowledge and record of the cost of each piece of a complicated machine, and oftentimes of each operation on each piece, thus limiting its application to products which are produced in considerable quantities...[5] And furthermore:  ... With regard to profit-sharing, he objects that any system of profit distribution based on collective rather than individual efforts is unfair, that the remoteness of the reward is a disadvantage, that in bad business years there will be no distribution, and that the workmen have no check on the correctness of the employers' figures.   With regard to the premium system, he advocates varied hourly premium rates for time gained, depending on the character of the work, a detail that deserves more attention than it has generally received.   In the discussion, Mr. William Kent attests to the fact that Mr. Halsey spoke to him about the premium plan a year or so prior to Mr. Towne's discussion on gain-sharing. Mr. Kent introduced the method at that time in the shops of the Springer Torsion Balance Company.[5] This work contributed to the wider discussion among British and American engineers about the development of a costing system for factories. It was among the works of initial contributions as Captain Henry Metcalfe (1885/86), Emile Garcke (1887), Henry R. Towne (1891),  etc., and notable further contributions came from Arnold, Sterling Bunnell, Alexander Hamilton Church, Hugo Diemer, Henry Laurence Gantt, Lingan S. Randolph, Oberlin Smith, Frederick Winslow Taylor, etc.[6]  For the implementation of his "premium plan" for labor payment and production control, Halsey (1891) proposed the form of time ticket. He explains that this ticket should be:  ...issued by the foreman, the blanks at the top being filled up by him. If desired as a check he punches a hole on the line, indicating the hour when the work is given out, repeating the same when the work and ticket are returned. The record of the time is kept by drawing a line between various hour marks, an operation which the most illiterate can perform.[7] It was the intention, that the ticket should be used over several days' work, and is not returned until the work is completed, and contains the record of the entire job. As such the card has similarities with the Shop Order Card, presented by Captain Henry Metcalfe in his "Card system for cost accounting and production control", presented six years earlier.  Halsey further explained, how his premium plan should work. In advance a standard time is set, and registered on the back of the ticket. On the back of the ticket was printed:  According to previous experience this work should require . . . hours. If completed in less time than that a premium of . . . cents will be paid for each hour saved.[7] And furthermore Halsey explained, that "when the ticket is returned, a comparison of the back with the front shows the premium earned. This is  entered opposite the workman's name, in a book kept for the purpose, which is a companion to the usual time book or payroll."[7]  The day's-work plan : the workman is paid for and in proportion to the time spent upon his work.[4] The piece-work plan : the workman is paid for and in proportion to the amount of work done.[4] The profit-sharing plan : in addition to regular wages, the employees are offered a certain percentage of the final profits of the business.[4] The premium plan : The time required to do a given piece of work is determined from previous experience, and the workman, in addition to his usual daily wages, is offered a premium for every hour by which he reduces that time on future work, the amount of the premium being less than his rate of wages.[4] Frederick A. Halsey, "The Premium Plan of Paying for Labor," Transactions of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, XXII (1891), Halsey, Frederick Arthur. Slide Valve Gears: An Explanation of the Action and Construction of Plain and Cut-off Slide Valves. D. Van Nostrand Company, 1894. Towne, Henry Robinson, Frederick Arthur Halsey, and Frederick Winslow Taylor. The adjustment of wages to efficiency: three papers... Vol. 1. No. 2. For the American economic association by the Macmillan company, 1896. Halsey, Frederick Arthur. The locomotive link motion. Press of Railway and Locomotive Engineering, 1898. Halsey, Frederick Arthur. The premium plan of paying for labor. Cornell University, Sibley Journal Press, 1902. Halsey, Frederick Arthur. Worm and spiral gearing. No. 116. D. Van Nostrand Company, 1903. Halsey, Frederick Arthur, and Samuel Sherman Dale. The metric fallacy. D. Van Nostrand Company, 1904. Smith, Charles Follansbee, and Frederick Arthur Halsey. The Design and Construction of Cams. Hill Publishing Company, 1906. Halsey, Frederick Arthur. Handbook for Machine Designers and Draftsmen. McGraw-Hill book Company, Incorporated, 1913. Halsey, Frederick Arthur. Methods of machine shop work: for apprentices and students in technical and trade schools. McGraw-Hill Book Company, inc., 1914."
Marc Burns;"   Marc Burns (born 7 January 1983) is an athlete from Trinidad and Tobago specializing in the 100 metres and the 4 x 100 metres relay.[2]  Participating in the 2004 Summer Olympics, he was disqualified from his 100 metres heat due to a false start, thus failing to make it through to the second round.[3]  Marc Burns placed second in the men's 100 metres dash at the Bislett Games IAAF Golden League meet in Oslo in July 2005, in preparation for the 2005 World Championships in Athletics. At the 2005 World Championships he won (together with Kevon Pierre, Jacey Harper and Darrel Brown) a silver medal. Later that year he won the World Athletics Final.[4]  At the 2006 Commonwealth Games he won a bronze medal over 100 metres.  He was a finalist in the 100 m final at the 2007 World Championships in Osaka.  At the London Grand Prix he ran a season's best time of 9.97 seconds coming second behind former world record holder Asafa Powell.  In the 2008 Summer Olympics he competed at the 100 metres sprint and placed 2nd in his heat after Samuel Francis in a time of 10.46 seconds. He qualified for the second round in which he improved his time to 10.05 seconds, winning his race with opponents as Kim Collins and Tyrone Edgar. In the semi finals he finished 3rd (9.97 seconds) in his heat behind Usain Bolt and Walter Dix and qualified for the final. There he finished his race in 7th place in a time of 10.01 seconds.[2] Together with Keston Bledman, Aaron Armstrong and Richard Thompson he also competed at the 4x100 metres relay. In their qualification heat they placed first in front of Japan, the Netherlands and Brazil. Their time of 38.26 was the fastest of all sixteen teams participating in the first round and they qualified for the final. Armstrong was replaced by Emmanuel Callender for the final race and they sprinted to a time of 38.06 seconds, the second time after the Jamaican team, winning the silver medal.[2] In 2022, Burns and his teammates received the gold medal due to Jamaica's Nesta Carter testing positive for the prohibited substance methylhexaneamine.[5]  At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he was part of the Trinidad and Tobago team that won the silver medal in the men's 4 × 100 m relay.  He was also part of the team that won the bronze medal at the 2014 Commonwealth Games.[6]  Burns was coached most of his professional career by Henry Rolle. "
Jackson Center High School;" Jackson Center High School is a public high school in Jackson Center, Ohio.  It is the only high school in the Jackson Center Local Schools district.  The  Tigers wear orange and black and compete in the Shelby County Athletic League.    This Shelby County, Ohio school article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Boys Basketball – 1985[2][3] Girls Basketball – 1995, 2001[3] Girls Volleyball - 2015, 2016[3]"
NYPD Cricket League;" NYPD Cricket League or NYPD Cricket or Cricket NYPD is a private Twenty20 cricket league formed by the New York City Police Department for teenagers from the Caribbean and South Asian American communities in New York City. It is a recreational league founded to develop better relations between New York Police and the immigrant communities within the city.  The league is unofficial and is not recognized by United States of America Cricket Association. Its main goal is to have good understanding and relationship with immigrant communities living in New York City.[1]  NYPD Community Affairs officers conducted outreach through community groups, youth programs and businesses in the five boroughs, they also promoted the tournament through local New York adult cricket leagues. The NYPD Twenty20 Cricket Cup is an extension of the Department's New Immigrant Outreach initiative that aims to establish positive ongoing relations with multiple ethnic groups including the Muslim and South Asian communities.  Participation for all players is free. The Police Department provides a professional color uniform kit with a hat, pants, and jersey as well as T-shirts and hats for the coaches. Coaches are volunteers. Cricket matches are played in Brooklyn at the Gateway Cricket Ground in Spring Creek Park and in Kissena Park in Queens using mats for pitches.[2][3][4] Caps, jerseys, and pants are provided to players by the New York City Police Foundation, in various colors resembling international, professional team uniforms.[5]  New York City Police Commissioner Raymond W. Kelly introduced a citywide cricket league for teenagers, administered by the NYPD Community Affairs Bureau. The league was open to youth ages 14 to 19.[6] A majority of those who have signed up to play that summer were of Pakistani, Bangladeshi and Guyanese descent, others are Trinidadian, Jamaican, and Indian (South Asian). Six teams of 15 players each – including the "Pak Brighton", "Punjab", "Cosmos", "Panthers", "Superstars", and "Knight Riders" played every Wednesday and Thursday, weather permitting, from July 23 until late August. The tournament culminated in a championship game on August 20, 2008. Matches were organized by the NYPD Community Affairs Bureau and umpired by New York State certified umpires. The cricket tournament was organized just after the NYPD United Soccer league, which was established in May.[5]  A large crowd turned out on June 13 to celebrate the launch of the 2009 NYPD Cricket season. Police Commissioner Raymond W. Kelly was there to announce that this season will be 'bigger and better' with 10 teams competing for the Twenty/20 Cup. Matches will be played in two locations this year in Brooklyn and Queens.[7]  After a very successful inaugural season in 2008, the league expanded to include more players, teams, and games. The 2009 NYPD Cricket season will feature 10 teams and roughly 170 players from all five boroughs, an increase from the 2008 season when 6 teams and 100 players took part.[3]  Teams including the "Pak Brighton", "Punjab", "Tigers", "Warriors", "Dragons", "West Indies Kings", "Superstars", "Lycans",and "Knight Riders" began play on June 23 and will culminate play with a championship game on August 25. As was the case in the 2008 season, the 2009 games followed a Twenty20 format and were umpired by New York State certified umpires.[2]  United States of America Cricket Association United States Youth Cricket Association USA Cricket United States national cricket team International Cricket Council Indian Premier League Major League Cricket Minor League Cricket Comparison between cricket and baseball Cricket World Cup ICC World Twenty20"
Eziler, Güney;"   Eziler is a village, administratively a neighborhood, in the Güney District of Denizli Province in Turkey.[2]  In 1993, Eziler was granted municipal status and designated a as town. In 2012, Turkish law classified Eziler as a neighborhood.  Eziler is 12 km (7.5 mi) from the district center,[3] and 80 km (50 mi) from Denizli.[4] As of 2021, the village population is 964.[1] The main economy of the village is animal husbandry and agriculture,[4] particularly thyme and walnut farming. Despite being a rural village, Eziler attracts attention with the nationwide success it has achieved in a variety of sports.[3]  Soon after his appointment to the village's Mustafa Kaçmaz Primary and Middle School in 2016, the physical education teacher Suat Arı took the initiative with the motto "Everyone in this village is an athlete",[5] and introduced over a dozen different sports branches which are uncommon in Turkey.[3][4]  It started with bocce and darts and later came skating.[3] A total of 120 licensed students, including 45 girls, were introduced to over a dozen different sports branches, such as bocce, darts, softball, korfball, badminton, tennis, skating, baseball, field hockey, cricket, rugby, flag football, orienteering as well as Turkish traditional archery.[4][5] In 2020, the "Güney Eziler Sports Club" was founded.[5] The girls' floor hockey team representing the village has 15 members, and is coached by Burak Duman, the village school's physical education teacher and licensed hockey trainer, as there is no gym in the village, the girls train in open air.[6] Members of the girls' hockey team played in the province selection team at the Anatolia Girls Floor Hockey League (Anadolu Yıldızlar Hokey Ligi), and were placed fourth among ten teams. They were invited by the Turkish Hockey Federation to the Inter Provincial Republic Hockey Cup, at which they were the runner-up team.[6] The club represents the Denizli Province in three sports branches.[5] Two boys and one girl from the village sports club were called up to the national team camp in 2021.[5]  Teacher Arı also holds sport tournaments between village families.[5] Sponsored by the Hacı Ömer Sabancı Foundation and the District Municipality of Güney, a golf cup tournament was held in July 2021 using golf equipment donated by expatriate villagers working abroad. One of the golfers, aged 67, played for the first time in his life.[7] In November 2021, a Veteran Hockey Tournament was held in the school yard with sponsorship by the Sabancı Foundation. Eighteen villagers over 35 years of age took part, including a male player aged 60 and a female player aged 71. A field hockey friendly match between the teams Denizli Anadolu Pars and Güney Ezlier followed.[8] "
Nakafukawa Station;" Nakafukawa Station (中深川駅, Naka-Fukawa-eki) is a JR West Geibi Line station located in 5-chōme, Fukawa, Asakita-ku, Hiroshima, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.  Nakafukawa Station features one side platform capable of handling one line. Trains bound for Shiwaguchi and Miyoshi are handled on the upper end (上り) of the platform, and trains bound for Hiroshima are handled on the lower end (下り). The station building, as with the building at Kamifukawa Station, is used as convenient meeting place for the residents of the surrounding area. The station is unmanned but features an automated ticket vending machine.  All lines are JR West lines.   Coordinates: 34°28′51.9″N 132°32′2.6″E﻿ / ﻿34.481083°N 132.534056°E﻿ / 34.481083, 132.534056  Hiroshima Nakafukawa Post Office Hiroshima Municipal Kōyō Branch Office Hiroshima Prefectural Kōyō Higashi High School Hiroshima Prefectural Hiroshima Yōgo High School Hiroshima Municipal Kamezaki Junior High School Hiroshima Municipal Kōyō Junior High School Hiroshima Municipal Fukawa Elementary School Hiroshima Municipal Kamezaki Elementary School Misasa River Hiroshima Prefectural Route 37 (Hiroshima-Miyoshi Route) Hiroshima Prefectural Route 70 (Hiroshima-Nakashima Route) (in Japanese) JR West v t e Niimi Nunohara Niimi Nunohara Bitchū-Kōjiro Sakane Ichioka Yagami Nochi Tōjō Bingo-Yawata Uchina Onuka Dōgoyama Bingo-Ochiai Hibayama Bingo-Saijō Hirako Taka Bingo-Shōbara Bingo-Mikkaichi Nanatsuka Yamanouchi Shimowachi Shiomachi Kamisugi Yatsugi Miyoshi Nishi-Miyoshi Shiwachi Kamikawatachi Kōtachi Yoshidaguchi Mukaihara Ibaraichi Shiwaguchi Kamimita Nakamita Shirakiyama Karuga Kamifukawa Nakafukawa Shimofukawa Kumura Akiyaguchi Hesaka Yaga (Hiroshima Freight Terminal) Hiroshima"
Glenea moultoni;"   Glenea moultoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1913 and is known from Borneo.[1]    This Glenea article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Nosson Scherman;"   Nosson Scherman (Hebrew: נתן שרמן, born 1935, Newark, New Jersey) is an American Haredi rabbi best known as the general editor of ArtScroll/Mesorah Publications.  Scherman was born and raised in Newark, New Jersey, where his parents ran a small grocery store.[1] He attended public school, but in the afternoons joined a Talmud Torah started in 1942 by Rabbi Shalom Ber Gordon, a shaliach of the sixth Lubavitcher Rebbe, Rabbi Yosef Yitzchok Schneersohn.[1] Rabbi Gordon influenced many of the 200 boys in his afternoon Talmud Torah to enroll in yeshiva, including young Nosson Scherman,[1] who became a dormitory student at Yeshiva Torah Vodaas at around age 10. Afterwards, he studied in Beth Medrash Elyon in Spring Valley, New York[2]  Scherman worked as a rabbi (teacher) for about eight years at Torah VoDaas of Flatbush, later known as Yeshiva Torah Temimah. Afterwards he was a principal at Yeshiva Karlin Stolin of Boro Park for six years.[2]  During his tenure as principal, he was recommended[by whom?] to Rabbi Meir Zlotowitz, director of a high-end graphics studio in New York[3] named ArtScroll Studios,[4] as someone who could write copy, and they collaborated on a few projects[2] of brochures and journals.[4]  In late 1975,[4] Zlotowitz wrote an English translation and commentary on the Book of Esther in memory of a friend, and asked Scherman to write the introduction. The book sold out its first edition of 20,000 copies within two months.[4] With the encouragement of Rabbi Moses Feinstein[citation needed], Rabbi Yaakov Kamenetsky[citation needed], and other Gedolei Yisrael[vague], the two continued producing commentaries, beginning with a translation and commentary on the rest of the Five Megillot (Song of Songs, Ecclesiastes, Lamentations and Ruth), and went on to publish translations and commentaries on the Torah, Prophets, Talmud, Passover Haggadah, siddurs and machzors.  In its first 25 years, ArtScroll produced more than 700 books, including novels, history books, children's books and secular textbooks,[3] and is now one of the largest[vague] publishers of Jewish books in the United States.[5]  Zlotowitz and Scherman are the general editors of ArtScroll's Talmud, Stone Chumash, Tanakh, Siddur, and Machzor series. They co-authored Megillas Esther: Illustrated Youth Edition (1988), a pocket-size Mincha/Maariv prayerbook (1991), and Selichos: First Night (1992).[6] They have also produced a host of titles on which Scherman is author and Zlotowitz is editor.  Scherman contributed translations and commentaries for ArtScroll's Stone Chumash, the ArtScroll Siddurim and Machzorim, and the Stone Tanakh. He served as general editor of the 73-volume translation Schottenstein edition of the Talmud from 1990 until 2005.  Scherman attributes his strong English language skills to the stronger general-studies departments that yeshivas had when he was a student, and his correspondence with two out-of-town high school classmates, Mendel Weinbach and Nisson Wolpin. He has said: "During the summers we used to write letters. Does anyone correspond today? We wrote to each other – that helped. We tried to outdo each other, we were big-shot teenagers. The only way to learn how to write is to write."[2] He was also among the contributors to The Jewish Observer.[7]  He was the editor, beginning in 1970, of Olomeinu and editor/co-author of some Best of Olomeinu reprints.[8][9] "
Baloch civil wars;" The Baloch civil wars are a series of conflicts that have taken place between the Baloch people. The Baloch are an ethnic group in Pakistan, Iran, Afghanistan and Arab countries. Mostly the Baluch are tribal and have often fought amongst themselves throughout history.[citation needed]  The 30-year war was an intra Baloch conflict lasting almost 30-year-long and fought between the forces of Mir Chakar Khan Rind (tribal ruler) and Mir Gwaharam Khan Lashari in 15th century CE.  Mir Chakar Rind lived in Sevi (modern city of Sibi) in the hills of Balochistan and became the head of Rind tribe at the age of 18 after the death of his father Mir Shehak Khan. Mir Chakar's kingdom was short-lived because of a civil war between the Lashari and Rind tribes of Balochistan.[1] Mir Chakar Rind and Mir Gwaharam Khan Lashari, head of the Lashari tribe, went to war that resulted in thousands dead, including Mir Chakar's brother. The war and the gallantry of the two tribe leaders continues to be a part of the Baloch peoples' history.  After the "Thirty Years' War" against the Lashari Tribe,[2] Mir Chakar Rind left Balochistan and settled in the Punjab region in 1518 with other Rind tribes. These tribes are settled in southern central Punjab. "
Iacopo da San Cassiano;" Iacopo da San Cassiano (between 1395 and 1410 – c. 1454), also known as Iacobus Cremonensis, was an Italian humanist and mathematician. He translated from Greek to Latin the writings of Archimedes and parts of Diodorus' Bibliotheca historica.  He was born near Cremona, probably in the early fifteenth century. From what can be gathered from various documents and testimonies, he became the regular canon of the church of Cremona. In 1432 or early 1433 he entered the Ca' Giocosa, the school of Vittorino da Feltre in Mantua. During his studies he quickly became a close associate of Vittorino.  In 1440 he was a student of the Faculty of Arts in Pavia, where he probably accompanied Gianlucido Gonzaga (son of the Marquis of Mantua Gianfrancesco), who studied law at the same university. In Pavia he met important Quattrocento Italian humanists, including Francesco Filelfo, Catone Sacco, Giovanni Marliani, and the Greek Scholar Teodoro Gaza.  In Mantua in 1446, he succeeded Vittorino, who died in that year, as the director of the Giocosa. The Marquis Ludovico Gonzaga entrusted him with the education of his children Federico (1441–1484) and Francesco (1444–1483). Iacopo left school and the service of the Marquis in 1449, having to bear to Rome to plead "a certain cause of his" in front of Pope Nicholas V. In that same year, however, he was back in Mantua, and would move permanently to Rome only after April 1451.  At the court of Nicholas V, he was entrusted with various scientific tasks, including revising the translation and commentary of the Almagest done by Trapezuntius. This caused a huge controversy between the two humanists that ended with the flight of Trapezuntius from Rome. In addition to this, he was entrusted with the translation of some books of the Bibliotheca historica of Diodorus.  It is not clear whether Iacopo had already finished his translation of the Archimedean works in his years in Pavia and Mantua. D'Alessandro and Napolitani have found the autograph of the translation of Iacopo, codex Nouv. Acq. Lat. 1538 of the Bibliothèque Nationale de France, and have shown that the Cremonese humanist used for his translation a Greek antigraph not traceable to any of the Greek manuscripts of Archimedes known today.  It is not known exactly when Iacopo died, but it was probably in 1453 or 1454.  Paolo d'Alessandro e Pier Daniele Napolitani, Archimede Latino. Iacopo da San Cassiano e il corpus archimedeo alla metà del Quattrocento, Paris, Les Belles Lettres 2012 Stefano Pagliaroli, Iacopo Cassiano e l'Arenario di Archimede, Messina, Centro interdipartimentale di studi umanistici, 2012 Valerio Sanzotta, Il primum exemplar di Diodoro Siculo tradotta da Iacopo di San Cassiano (con correzioni autografe): il codice 709 della Biblioteca Casanatense, «Segno e testo», V, 2007, pp. 407–420. Italian People zbMATH"
Radio resource management;" Radio resource management (RRM) is the system level management of co-channel interference, radio resources, and other radio transmission characteristics in wireless communication systems, for example cellular networks, wireless local area networks, wireless sensor systems, and radio broadcasting networks.[1][2] RRM involves strategies and algorithms for controlling parameters such as transmit power, user allocation, beamforming, data rates, handover criteria, modulation scheme, error coding scheme, etc. The objective is to utilize the limited radio-frequency spectrum resources and radio network infrastructure as efficiently as possible.  RRM concerns multi-user and multi-cell network capacity issues, rather than the point-to-point channel capacity. Traditional telecommunications research and education often dwell on channel coding and source coding with a single user in mind, but when several users and adjacent base stations share the same frequency channel it may not be possible to achieve the maximum channel capacity. Efficient dynamic RRM schemes may increase the system spectral efficiency by an order of magnitude, which often is considerably more than what is possible by introducing advanced channel coding and source coding schemes. RRM is especially important in systems limited by co-channel interference rather than by noise, for example cellular systems and broadcast networks homogeneously covering large areas, and wireless networks consisting of many adjacent access points that may reuse the same channel frequencies.  The cost for deploying a wireless network is normally dominated by base station sites (real estate costs, planning, maintenance, distribution network, energy, etc.) and sometimes also by frequency license fees. So, the objective of radio resource management is typically to maximize the system spectral efficiency in bit/s/Hz/area unit or Erlang/MHz/site, under some kind of user fairness constraint, for example, that the grade of service should be above a certain level. The latter involves covering a certain area and avoiding outage due to co-channel interference, noise, attenuation caused by path losses, fading caused by shadowing and multipath, Doppler shift and other forms of distortion. The grade of service is also affected by blocking due to admission control, scheduling starvation or inability to guarantee quality of service that is requested by the users.  While classical radio resource managements primarily considered the allocation of time and frequency resources (with fixed spatial reuse patterns), recent multi-user MIMO techniques enables adaptive resource management also in the spatial domain.[3] In cellular networks, this means that the fractional frequency reuse in the GSM standard has been replaced by a universal frequency reuse in LTE standard.  Static RRM involves manual as well as computer-aided fixed cell planning or radio network planning. Examples:  Static RRM schemes are used in many traditional wireless systems, for example 1G and 2G cellular systems, in today's wireless local area networks and in non-cellular systems, for example broadcasting systems. Examples of static RRM schemes are:  Dynamic RRM schemes adaptively adjust the radio network parameters to the traffic load, user positions, user mobility, quality of service requirements, base station density, etc. Dynamic RRM schemes are considered in the design of wireless systems, in view to minimize expensive manual cell planning and achieve "tighter" frequency reuse patterns, resulting in improved system spectral efficiency.  Some schemes are centralized, where several base stations and access points are controlled by a Radio Network Controller (RNC). Others are distributed, either autonomous algorithms in mobile stations, base stations or wireless access points, or coordinated by exchanging information among these stations.[1]  Examples of dynamic RRM schemes are:  Future networks like the LTE standard (defined by 3GPP) are designed for a frequency reuse of one. In such networks, neighboring cells use the same frequency spectrum. Such standards exploit Space Division Multiple Access (SDMA) and can thus be highly efficient in terms of spectrum, but required close coordination between cells to avoid excessive inter-cell interference. Like in most cellular system deployments, the overall system spectral efficiency is not range limited or noise limited, but interference limited.[1] Inter-cell radio resource management coordinates resource allocation between different cell sites by using multi-user MIMO techniques. There are various means of inter-cell interference coordination (ICIC) already defined in the standard.[4] Dynamic single-frequency networks, coordinated scheduling, multi-site MIMO or joint multi-cell precoding are other examples for inter-cell radio resource management.[3][5]  Frequency allocation band plans decided by standardization bodies, by national frequency authorities and in frequency resource auctions. Deployment of base station sites (or broadcasting transmitter site) Antenna heights Channel frequency plans Sector antenna directions Selection of modulation and channel coding parameters Base station antenna space diversity, for example Receiver micro diversity using antenna combining Transmitter macro diversity such as OFDM single frequency networks (SFN) Receiver micro diversity using antenna combining Transmitter macro diversity such as OFDM single frequency networks (SFN) Circuit mode communication using FDMA and TDMA. Fixed channel allocation (FCA) Static handover criteria Power control algorithms Precoding algorithms Link adaptation algorithms Dynamic Channel Allocation (DCA) or Dynamic Frequency Selection (DFS) algorithms, allowing "cell breathing" Traffic adaptive handover criteria, allowing "cell breathing" Re-use partitioning Adaptive filtering Single Antenna Interference Cancellation (SAIC) Single Antenna Interference Cancellation (SAIC) Dynamic diversity schemes, for example Soft handover Dynamic single-frequency networks (DSFN) Phased array antenna with beamforming Multiple-input multiple-output communications (MIMO) Space-time coding Soft handover Dynamic single-frequency networks (DSFN) Phased array antenna with beamforming Multiple-input multiple-output communications (MIMO) Space-time coding beamforming Multiple-input multiple-output communications (MIMO) Space-time coding Admission control Dynamic bandwidth allocation using resource reservation multiple access schemes or statistical multiplexing, for example Spread spectrum and/or packet radio Channel-dependent scheduling, for instance Max-min fair scheduling using for example fair queuing Proportionally fair scheduling using for example weighted fair queuing Maximum throughput scheduling (gives low grade of service due to starvation) Dynamic packet assignment (DPA) Packet and Resource Plan Scheduling (PARPS) schemes Max-min fair scheduling using for example fair queuing Proportionally fair scheduling using for example weighted fair queuing Maximum throughput scheduling (gives low grade of service due to starvation) Dynamic packet assignment (DPA) Packet and Resource Plan Scheduling (PARPS) schemes Mobile ad hoc networks using multihop communication Cognitive radio Green communication QoS-aware RRM Femtocells CDMA spectral efficiency Cellular traffic Electromagnetic interference control IEEE 802.11h - Transmit power control and dynamic frequency selection (DFS) for wireless local area networks IEEE 802.11k - RRM for wireless local area networks Mobility management Mobility model Multiple access methods Radio frequency propagation model"
I Travel Alone;" I Travel Alone (Norwegian: Jeg reiser alene) is a 2011 Norwegian drama film directed by Stian Kristiansen. It is a sequel to The Man Who Loved Yngve from 2008 and was followed by the prequel The Orheim Company in 2012.  Jarle Klepp is 25-year-old literature student (onomastic, Marcel Proust) at the University of Bergen in Norway. He suddenly discovers he has a 7-year-old daughter, when the mother (with whom he once had a one-night stand) sends her to him to take care for her for a week. He struggles with his new role, loses his girlfriend to his teacher and gets again close to the mother during a costume party for the children.    This article related to Norwegian film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. 11 February 2011 (2011-02-11) I Travel Alone at IMDb v t e"
Sassun Mkrtchyan;" Sasun Mkrtchyan (Armenian: Սասուն Մկրտչյան, June 10, 1989, Yerevan - April 3, 2016, Talish), was an Armenian contract serviceman of the Armenian Armed Forces, reconnaissance officer, machine-gunner and private. He received several Armenian military honors.  Sassun Mkrthyan was born on June 10, 1989 in Yerevan, in a family originating from historical Sassun in Western Armenia. From 1996 to 2006 he attended Hayrapet Hayrapetyan basic school #78.  At the age of 10 Sassun started practicing Muay Thai. He participated in several sport competitions and was awarded with different medals and honors. Until the last years of his life Sassun was a member of Muay-Thai Boxing Federation of Armenia, as well as referee and broadcaster.[1]  In 2009 Sassun entered Yerevan Institute of Forensic Examinations and Psychology and graduated in 2014. From 2009-2011 he worked in the Court of Appeals of Armenia as a bailiff.  Sassun was called to mandatory military service in 2007 and served in Shamshadin military unit until 2009. In 2011 he started forking in Peacekeeping forces until 2014, when he held the position of reconnaissance officer and machine-gunner in special sub-division and in 4th special detachment of the Ministry of Defense of the Republic of Armenia. While working at that position, he was involved in examination of operative directions, tour of duty and carrying out special missions. He periodically traveled to Nagorno-Karabakh to carry out his military service.  In April 2016 Sassun Mkrtchyan participated in Nagorno-Karabakh four-day war in  Martakert Ministry of Defense military posts in Nagorno-Karabakh. On April 1, 2016 Sassun returned to Yerevan after his service in Nagorno-Karabakh and on the next day, after receiving the news of tensions on the front line, was immediately called to the front line.  During the operation of recapturing Talish post, Sassun's machine gun ran out of order. He asked his comrade-in-arms to switch on the lighter and started to dismantle the machine gun. At that time he managed to managed take his wounded comrades-in-arms to the rear and hurried back to help his officers to recapture Talish post.[2] On the night of April 2–3, 2016 Sassun was severely wounded in abdominal cavity. He died on the way to the hospital.  The commemoration ceremony was held on April 4, 2016, in St. Hovhannes Mkrtich church in Yerevan Kond district.[3][4]  The funerals took place on April 5, 2016. Sassun Mkrtchyan was buried in Yerablur military pantheon with appropriate military ceremonies. Former Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan was present at the funeral ceremony.[5][6][7][8][9]  Sassun Mkrtchyan was posthumously awarded the Republic of Armenia medal "For Military Services" by order No 32-Ա issued in 2016 by the President of Nagorno-Karabakh.[10] On May 4, 2016 Sassun Mkrtchyan was posthumously awarded the Order of Military Cross, 1st degree by the decision of the president of the Republic of Armenia.[11] During peacetime Sassun was awarded with merit certificates "Best soldier-serviceman" and "For high merits in the field of military readiness".  On May 13, 2016 Sassun Mkrtchyan's name was included in the list of "Eternal Soldier" of the military unit #24923. On July 29, 2016 a memory plaque was installed in Talish military post in Nagorno-Karabakh.[12] On September 1, 2016 a classroom with Sassun Mrtchyan's name was opened in Hayrapet Hayrapetyan basic school #78 in Yerevan.[13] On March 7, 2017 a classroom with Sassun Mrtchyan's name was opened in Kakavadzor village school in Aragatsotn region, Armenia.[14]։  One of the film series Me or My Motherland about fallen soldiers of the Four day war is devoted to  Mkrtchyan. "The devoted: Sassun Mkrtchyan" is also dedicated to Mkrtchyan.  Fahrad Mkrtchyan (father) Narine Kirakosyan (mother) 2016 Nagorno-Karabakh clashes Nagorno-Karabakh conflict"
Dance Theatre of Harlem;" Dance Theatre of Harlem (DTH) is an American professional ballet company and school based in Harlem, New York City. It was founded in 1969 under the directorship of Arthur Mitchell and later partnered with Karel Shook. Milton Rosenstock served as the company's music director from 1981 to 1992. The DTH is renowned for being both "the first Black classical ballet company",[1] and "the first major ballet company to prioritize Black dancers".  Arthur Mitchell, the first African-American principal dancer in a major ballet company (New York City Ballet), was sent to Brazil by the United States government to start up the National Ballet of Brazil. While on his way to the airport, he was shocked to hear news of the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr.  In conjunction with the civil rights movement, King's death inspired Mitchell to forgo his plans in Brazil. Instead,[2] he would found a classical ballet school for the children of Harlem, the poor and predominantly black New York neighborhood where he was raised. Karel Shook, the first ballet teacher and a former ballet master at Dutch National Ballet, agreed to later partner with him. At the time, Shook was the best and only teacher of European descent willing to train African Americans in classical technique.  In the beginning, space at Church of the Master was used to hold classes. Soon afterwards, Mitchell would make a down payment on a disused garage at 466 West 152nd Street and convert it into the headquarters that still house the company today. Initially founded only as a school, Dance Theatre of Harlem as a company of African American ballet dancers was born out a necessity to match funds that had been contributed towards the school's existence. The only way to accomplish this was by earning revenue through performances. Following the original blueprints set forth by his mentor George Balanchine, Mitchell groomed the school's top talent as a group of performers. Though officially incorporated in 1969, Dance Theatre of Harlem would make its official debut with a public performance on January 8, 1971, at New York Guggenheim Museum, with three chamber ballets choreographed by Mitchell. During that opening season, the company's repertory was supplemented with several ballets by Balanchine and Jerome Robbins, in support of Mitchell's vision and company's future, Balanchine had given Mitchell access to all of his ballets.  DTH would make its European debut at the Spoleto Festival in 1971. The company produced its first full season in 1974. That same year, the company debuted at Sadler's Wells Theatre. In 1984, Dance Theatre of Harlem premiered its most famous work, Creole Giselle (restaged by Frederic Franklin), which was set in the 1840s Louisiana Bayou. In 1988 DTH embarked on a five-week tour of the USSR, playing sold-out performances in Moscow, Tbilisi, and Leningrad, where the company received a standing ovation at the famed Kirov Theatre. In 1992, the company toured to South Africa[1] in the "Dancing Through Barriers" tour that gave birth to the outreach program of the same name that still continues to operate. South African Suite, a collaboration with the Soweto String Quartet, was created after the company's visit to South Africa and became a staple in the repertoire of the company for years to come.  In 1997 during negotiations between management and the American Guild of Musical Artists to renew the terms of the existing AGMA contract, the company's dancers went on strike. After much deliberation, the company and the dancers reached an agreement. During the company's 30th anniversary season, Dance Theatre of Harlem and Mitchell were inducted into the National Museum of Dance and the Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney Hall of Fame in Saratoga Springs, New York.[3]  In 2000 The Dance Theater of Harlem participated in Symphony Space's "Wall to Wall Balanchine" concert in conjunction with City Ballet's Balanchine centennial.  In the fall of 2000, with the leadership of the U.S. State Department, Council of Foreign Affairs and Secretary of State Madelaine Albright, Dance Theatre of Harlem made its inaugural tour to China performing in Beijing and Shanghai. This tour was considered a cultural exchange following the lifting of the U.S. economic boycott of China.  FedEx was a corporate sponsor providing freight forwarding and United Airlines provided air transportation sponsorship for the company and staff. Janet Lee was a local promoter based in Shanghai that assisted in ticket sales and company performance fees.  In mid-2004 the Dance Theatre of Harlem Company was put on hiatus due to severe financial constraints within the organization. The announcement was made by Arthur Mitchell at a press conference. The financial issues stemmed from significant funding for the Smuin ballet, "St. Louis Woman." In 2006 President George W. Bush honored Dance Theatre of Harlem at the White House for an evening of performances given by the DTH Ensemble and former company members.  In February 2009 Dance Theatre of Harlem celebrated its 40th anniversary. From 2009 to 2012, The Dance Theatre of Harlem Ensemble, a second company that developed from the professional training program of the DTH school, toured nationally and internationally, under the auspices of Dance For America.  In 2011, Virginia Johnson, a founding dancer and former prima ballerina of the company, was named Artistic Director with Arthur Mitchell becoming Artistic Director Emeritus. In 2012, following an eight-year hiatus, Johnson returned Dance Theatre of Harlem to full company status. Since the return of the Dance Theatre of Harlem as a full company, Johnson has commissioned world premieres from Helen Pickett, John Alleyne, Tanya Wideman-Davis and Thaddeus Davis, Darrell Grand Moultrie, and Robert Garland. The new Dance Theatre of Harlem company has also presented ballets by George Balanchine, Nacho Duato, Donald Byrd, Ulysses Dove, Christopher Huggins and Alvin Ailey, among others. The company has held its subsequent seasons at The Rose Theater at Jazz at Lincoln Center and at New York City Center.  The Dance Theatre of Harlem touring exhibition, Dance Theatre of Harlem: 40 Years of Firsts premiered at the California African American Museum in Los Angeles in April 2010.  This upgraded touring version of the original exhibition at the NY Public Library went on to tour throughout the U.S. until January 2018. 'Dance Theatre of Harlem: 40 Years of Firsts' recalls a groundbreaking history  DTH's archives, created and processed with assistance from the Dance Heritage Coalition,[4] hold many important documents from the company's history. These include photographs of the backstage visit by Nelson Mandela during the historic DTH tour to Johannesburg, South Africa, a handwritten score by Karel Shook, and designs by Salvatore Ferragamo.[5] In 2013, the DTH archives received a Sustaining Cultural Heritage Collections grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities to support the improvement of sustainable preservation measures for the DTH archival collection.[6]  The Dance Theatre of Harlem School offers training to more than 1,000 young people annually with its community program called Dancing Through Barriers, open to any child who wants to study dance. The company's Dancing Through Barriers Ensemble does outreach throughout the US.[7] It accepts pre-school children up to senior citizens. The school offers specializations in children's movement, European ballet, choreography, and musicology.  Dance Theatre of Harlem now has a Pre-Professional Residency program at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in Washington, D.C., for dancers aged from eight to 18. If accepted, the students meet every Saturday, October through April, and work with DTH resident choreographer Robert Garland. The program includes four levels from beginner to advanced for both ladies and gentlemen of the DC metro area. In April, the program culminates with a performance on the Kennedy Center's Concert Hall stage as a part of the Millennium Stage series.  Though the company ceased performing in 2004 due to budgetary constraints,[8] during that hiatus the Dancing Though Barriers Ensemble continued its community outreach as the only performing entity of the organization. From 2012 to 2017 Roberto Villanueva served as the director of Dancing Through the Barriers, greatly expanding the program's presence throughout New York.  Karen KB Brown Fredrick Davis Michaela DePrince Chyrstyn Fentroy Alicia Graf Mack Virginia Johnson Stephanie Dabney Robert Garland (Resident Choreographer) Melanie Person Ingrid Silva Llanchie Stevenson Mel Tomlinson Rasta Thomas Eric Underwood China White"
Hotel Dnipro;" Hotel Dnipro (Ukrainian: Готель Дніпро) is a four-star hotel located in central Kyiv, the capital of Ukraine, on European Square,[1] next to Khreschatyk Street and near Maidan Nezalezhnosti (Independence Square).[2]  The hotel was built in 1964 in a location which originally was occupied by Kyiv's Hotel Yevropa. The interior and design of the restaurant in the Hotel Dnipro was made by the architect Irma Karakis.[3]  Formally state owned, in July 2020 the hotel was sold to the private real estate company Smartland.[1] Smartland won an open auction with their bid of ₴1,111,111,222.22 (about US$40 million (at the time)).[4][1]  The four-star Dnipro Hotel is located in the center of Kyiv on European Square.[1] It is situated next to Khreschatyk Street and near Maidan Nezalezhnosti (Independence Square).[2]  The area where the modern building sits is significant to the history of Kyiv and its geography. Being located close to the Dnieper and facing it directly, the view out of the hotel rooms is appreciable, overlooking the river and the Kyiv Hills covered in parks, churches and museums.  Coordinates: 50°27′06″N 30°31′39″E﻿ / ﻿50.4516°N 30.5275°E﻿ / 50.4516, 30.5275  Ukraine portal List of hotels in Ukraine#Kyiv"
Kenton Clarke;"   Kenton J. Clarke (born November 7, 1951) is an American entrepreneur and musician.  He graduated from Norwalk State Technical College in 1972 and the University of New Haven in 1979.  He is the founder of Computer Consulting Associates International and Omnikal.  Born in Bridgeport, CT, Clarke was one of 12 siblings. His father was Haywood D. Clarke Sr., WWII veteran and member of the United States Colored Troops and Clarke's grandfather, George Mason Clarke, owned and operated a rubbish removal company, one of the first to be owned by African-Americans.[1] Clarke's first entrepreneurial venture began at the age of 17 when he formed Collegiate Painters, a house painting company that employed college students.[citation needed]  Clarke became an early adopter of computer technology through his degree from Norwalk State Technical College, now known as Norwalk Community College.  Clarke began his initial career in computer technology beginning at Sikorsky Aircraft (now Lockheed Martin) in their computer programming group.[2]  Clarke earned his bachelor's degree in Operations Management from the University of New Haven. In 1980, Clarke founded CCAii based in Southport, CT.[3] CCAii which grew to one of New England's largest information technology consulting firms.[4]  Clarke formed Omnikal (formerly DiversityBusiness.com) in 1999.  While providing a big data technology platform, Omnikal works to connect businesses for resources in a Business to Business matchmaking process. The Omnikal Business Summit brings small to medium-sized business owners together for connection, training and mentorship.[5] Omnikal provides recognition to top US corporations for their efforts in diversity and inclusion through The Omni50. This award is a listing of the top 50 corporate and government buyers of products and services from an inclusive supply chain throughout the country.[6] Omnikal provides a scholarship[7] with Norwalk Community College addressing the lack of opportunities for African American males entering professional fields in technology. The Norwalk Community College African American STEM Scholarship is awarded annually to ten African American male students in a Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics (STEM) field currently enrolled or applying for admission to Norwalk Community College.  Clarke's music career began with his membership as a performer in the Drum and Bugle Corps organization in Fairfield, Connecticut during his early school years. Clarke became a member of the brass section of his local corps and began playing the bugle at age eight. From 1960 until the late 1970s Clarke performed as a featured soloist on bugle for Connecticut and New York based Drum and Bugle Corps including, St. Raphael's Golden Buccaneers, Connecticut Hurricanes Drum and Bugle Corps where Clarke is listed as a Hurricane of Distinction,[12] Connecticut Yankees and the New York Skyliners.[13] Clarke was the 1970 All American National Individual Champion on bugle.  In 2001, Clarke founded the Buglers Hall of Fame,[14] and still serves as board chairman.  Today, Clarke is an active member of the Alumni Corps in Bridgeport as well as the Stratford Community Concert Band[15][non-primary source needed] who performs throughout Connecticut at community gatherings, fundraisers for many organizations.  Most recently Clarke was inducted in 2015 to the World Drum Corps Hall of Fame[16] and remains a member of the Buglers Hall of Fame[17] alongside such notable award winners as Louis Armstrong.  2006 'Top Black Entrepreneur' award from US Black Engineer & Information Technology magazine[8] 2005 Distinguished Alumni award from the University of New Haven[9] 2001 United States Small Business Administration, Regional Minority Small Business Person of the Year[10] 2000 Outstanding Business Achievement of America's most successful African-American-Owned Companies,[11] Black Enterprise, Magazine June 2000"
My American Wife (1936 film);" My American Wife is a 1936 American comedy film directed by Harold Young and written by Elmer Davis, Edith Fitzgerald and Virginia Van Upp. The film stars Francis Lederer, Ann Sothern, Fred Stone, Billie Burke, Ernest Cossart and Grant Mitchell. The film was released on August 7, 1936, by Paramount Pictures.[1][2]    This 1930s comedy film–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. August 7, 1936 (1936-08-07) Francis Lederer as Count Ferdinand von und zu Reidenach Ann Sothern as Mary Cantillon Fred Stone as Lafe Cantillon Billie Burke as Mrs. Robert Cantillon Ernest Cossart as Adolphe Grant Mitchell as Robert Cantillon Hal K. Dawson as Stephen Cantillon Helene Millard as Mrs. Vincent Cantillon Adrian Morris as Vincent Cantillon Dora Clement as Agnes, Mrs. Stephen Cantillon C. Montague Shaw as Butler"
New constitutionalism;" New constitutionalism is derived from the classical neo-liberalism framework and represents a set of political policies that promote a new global order.[1]  The goal of new constitutionalism is to separate the democratic and economic practices by shifting economic aims from the regional and national level to the global level through constitutional framework.[2]  The purpose of this shift is to create global supremacy and promote a free capitalist system.[1]  Central ideas of neoliberalism have been advanced to create policies and practices to achieve global governance.[2]  New constitutionalism provides power to the private realm and limits power of state governance and public corporations.[1]  The transferring of power creates an informal self-regulatory setting allowing for the dismissal of public scrutiny and transparency.[3]  New constitutionalism has reshaped the structure of control to allow “locking in” mechanisms to occur to prevent intervention from the democratic realm and to enhance economic objectives.[3]  This protects markets from regional interference and allows global influence in order to promote imperialism.[4]  The development of new constitutionalism is the result of globalization and the growing need for global hegemony.[3]  Institutions have gained power in regards to trade, mobility, and flexibility through the framework of new constitutionalism.[4]  The World Trade Organization, International Monetary Fund, the North American Free Trade Agreement, and the European Union are all actors contributing to the power of global supremacy.[4]  New constitutionalism as a political order emerged in the latter half of the 20th century and the term was coined by academic Stephen Gill.[2]  The need for economic constitutional change was the result of crisis in political order correspondingly to the Russian Revolution and the Cold War as well as the progress of globalization through technological means.[2]  Since then the disciplinary has grown in acceptance due to the global financial crisis of 2007 and the need for largescale stabilization in its aftermath.[1]  Theorists have subsequently developed the social and economic practices both in support and disagreement of the framework to provide a comparative outlook.[5]  New constitutionalism formed in the 1980s as the result of a growing world order and the “worldwide market revolution.”[3]  The end of the Cold War represented an ideological shift and the need for transformation.[3]  This shift was reiterated by Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher declaring the depletion of socialism and the rise of conservatism and liberalism.[3]  As society progressed it allowed for the evolution of capital mobility, transnational corporation and the expansion of the world market.[3]  The Great Depression and the aftermath of World War II reflected the need for reform.[2]  Reform would redirect economic and political practices, ensuring benefits for all through the creation of global institutions.[6]  Neo-liberal supremacy through the dominance of the United States and the Soviet Union allowed for geopolitical reconfiguration increasing the need for new political order.[3]  Additionally the lack of consistency among nation-state principles and the constant interruption from democratic power influenced the need to provide sustainable long-term economic goals by limiting executive and legislative branches of government using constitutional framework.[2][7] New constitutionalism has become prominent in the aftermath of the 2007 global financial crisis as a result of the need to bypass formal trade rules and democratic controls.[1][8]  There are four main policies to define new constitutionalism.[3]  The first represents the development of a constitutional structure for the global market that dictates the public, private and international powers.[3] These international economic agreements or “constitutions” resemble political constitutions and thus ensure sovereignty.[4] The economic power is being shifted from the national to the international as well as from the public to the private to provide growth and sustainability.[4]  Second is the separation of economic policies from domestic influence.[3]  This allows for capitalist markets to grow as well as extending the commodity form and the market forces.[3]  This separation insulates economic policies from governing regulatory powers as well as the public demand for transparency.[4] Economic liberation is usually accompanied by political backlash, by disconnecting these two dynamisms suppresses democratic involvement.[2] The World Bank advocates for the restriction of democratic participation and limitations imposed in the economic realm by creating a hierarchical system of representation.[2]  Thirdly is creating “locking in” mechanisms which incorporate, laws, rules, regulations, procedures and institutions.[3]  This mechanism puts limitations on legislative and policy autonomy.[2]  Agreements are formulated to “lock in” neoliberal content through legal guarantees and sanctions.[2]  These agreements are difficult, even impossible to change which makes economic policies autonomous.[4]  Lastly this process diminished the need for formal accountability.[3]  New constitutionalism has created a flexible system giving privileges to international corporations and private entities creating a “double” legal standard.[3]  This concept diminished the “watchdog” and gives the flexibility for self-regulation.[3]   This instrument is based on the international gold standard of the nineteenth century which gave rights to investor to avoid certain jurisdictions.[2]  Permitting deregulation of financial services and trade investment avoids popular pressures and limits the need for transparency.[7]  Minimizing liability and ensuring private authority the economic sector becomes more efficient, functional and practical.[9]  At the global and regional level institutions are implementing the new constitutionalism framework to advance global governance by upholding the rights of private corporations and promoting a free capitalist society.[4]  These institutions policies will ensure economic growth at the global level.[10]  The World Trade Organization (WTO) is a prominent figure in governing the global economy.[4]  Formally it was the responsibility of General Agreement of Tariffs and Trade built on neoliberal principles but lacked the greater power adapted through new constitutionalism.[4]  The World Trade Organization represents a governing global entity which has adapted to the principles of new constitutionalism.[4]  The WTO main purpose is to limit national interference in the global market and challenge any nation-state regulations that could be detrimental to the economy.[4]  Any economic alternatives that are proposed by nations can be discredited by the WTO as well as restricting governments ability to implement policy in international jurisdiction.[4] The WTO represents the freedom of markets and allowing investors to capitalize in a world economy, by doing so provides protection to the private sector.[4]  Stephen McBride describes the World Trade Organization as having “quasi-judicial and quasi-constitutional aura.”[4]  The judicial and constitutional supremacy highlights the difficulty in challenging the organizations because of lock in mechanisms.[4]  The North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) is a considered a regional governing entity that encompasses the principles of new constitutionalism.[4] President Ronald Reagan referred to the North American Free Trade Agreement as a “new economic constitution.”[4]  Constitution because the agreement provided restrictions on government intrusion, rights to certain actors and enforcement mechanisms.[4]  The binding agreement afforded rights to both foreign and domestic investor to protect the interests of private capital and corporations.[10]  By limiting government powers the agreement locked in private interests and reduced governments ability to expand or restore public services in free trade.[10]  Focus at the global level has resulted in hostility between the public and private realms within nation states.[9]  This hostility creates a political struggle between the private sector who safeguard the rights of capital and the public who want to control capitalism politically, democracy and socially.[1]  The control is being denationalized and delocalized causing negative repercussions at state level.[7]  New constitutionalism lacks political will and can have detrimental effects to global dignity and future generations.[6]  Dividing economic policies from domestic creates disturbances within the civil society.[7] Human rights, environmental concerns and public services are being devalued because of the lack of economic concern.[7]  New constitutionalism favours the elitists providing preferential treatment and widening the social gap.[7] International financial institutions, investors and bond-raters are holding higher positions of authority than governments or nation-states furthering global supremacy.[2]  There is an urgent need for surveillance, policy making power, regulations and transparency economic outcomes are not solely focused on monetary gain but humanitarian concerns as well.[6]  The absence of accountability and democratic authority has led many countries to depart from the constitutional framework and reclaim their sovereignty as independent nations.[7] Australia has begun to constrain the advancements of new constitutionalism while many South America states have begun to exit the global regime completely.[7] Canada and the United States have begun to form provisions to improve the democratic power within the global order and no longer allow for their governments to be immobilized.[7] "
A Gentleman of Paris;" A Gentleman of Paris may refer to:  A Gentleman of Paris (1927 film), a 1927 comedy silent film A Gentleman of Paris (1931 film), a 1931 crime drama film"
Line 7 (Mumbai Metro);"     Red Line 7 of the Mumbai Metro is part of the metro system for the city of Mumbai, India. The 33.5 km (20.8 mi) line is partially elevated (16.475 km (10.237 mi) section completed, and 13.5 km (8.4 mi) under construction) and partially underground (3.5 km (2.2 mi) underground section under construction[1][2]), and consists of 29 (14 elevated under construction, 12 elevated approved and 3 underground approved) stations, stretching from Golden Nest, Bhayander in the north as Metro 9 to CSMIA T2 in the south as Line 7A.[3]  In February 2017, the MMRDA announced that the DMRC was preparing a detailed project report (DPR) on Red line extension, a proposed 9 km extension of Red Line from Dahisar to Bhayander, via Mira Road.[4] Preliminary plans prepared jointly by MMRDA and DMRC, proposed a 9 km elevated extension of Red Line from Dahisar to Bhayander, via Mira Road. The extension will have 9 stations, with an inter-station distance of 1 km. The line will run parallel to the Surat-Dahisar Highway, then turn left at Kashi Mira Junction, before passing through Mira Road-Bhayander, and terminating at Golden Nest Circle, Bhayander. The project is estimated to cost ₹3,600 crore (US$450 million).[5][6][7] The extension was approved by the Maharashtra government in September 2018, and will be implemented as Red line extension.  In March 2017, the MMRDA stated that the DMRC was conducting a feasibility study to extend the line to the T2 terminal of the airport. The proposed 3.17 km extension from Andheri to the domestic airport will pass beneath Blue Line's WEH station and is expected to cost between Rs 1,500 and 2,000 crore.[8] The extensions to Mira Road and the airport were officially announced by Chief Minister Fadnavis on 30 March 2017.[9][10][11] The alignment for the extension from Andheri to Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Terminus was approved by the State Cabinet on 12 April 2017.[12] The 3.17 km includes a 0.98 km elevated stretch and 2.11 km tunnel. The Maharashtra Cabinet approved the implementation of the extension, called Red line Airport extension, in September 2018.[13][14] Work on Airport extension was expected to begin by April 2019.[15] However, work began in early 2020 with an aim to complete by December 2021.[16]  In April 2017, the Civil Aviation Ministry provided 40 acres of land in Dahisar for the construction of the metro depot.[17][18]  The bhoomipujan ceremony for Line 7 was performed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his visit to Mumbai in October 2015.[19][20] Line 7 is being implemented through the engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) model.[21] The project is estimated to cost ₹6,208 crore (US$780 million). Bids for the design and construction of the corridor were split into 3 packages, and awarded by the MMRDA in April 2016.[20]  Construction work on the corridor began on 8 August 2016. The project is expected to be completed by mid-2020. The contractors are likely to complete construction of the corridor and all 14 stations within 30 months from the day of commencement of work.[22] On 18 February 2017, MMRDA officials stated that 15% of piling, pile caps and pier work on the corridor had been completed.[23] By the end of April, 25% of piling work, 60% of barricading work and 77% of the soil testing for pier foundation had been completed.[24]  On 14 March 2017, the Mumbai High Court temporarily stayed all construction activities at Metro 7's casting yard in Bandra Reclamation. The Court was hearing a PIL filed by Mohammed Furqan Ali Mohammed Qureshi who alleged that the site of the casting yard had been reserved by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) for use as a Sunni Muslim cemetery.[25][26] Piling work in Kandivli resulted in a gas pipeline bursting on 29 March 2017. The damage to the Mahanagar Gas pipeline resulted in temporary disruptions in the supply of CNG to Kandivli, Borivli, Dahisar, Mira Road and Bhayander.[27][28] Mahanagar Gas began repairing the pipeline on the evening of 31 March, and completed the work by the following evening.[29]  The MMRDA announced that construction of viaducts would begin in April 2017. The agency had completed construction of piers on several sections of the corridor, and the viaducts will be built at locations where pier caps have been built. The first viaduct was constructed in the section between JVLR to Mahanand. Construction of all pier caps along the corridor will be completed by the end of 2017.[30][31] The first U-girder, the concrete structure on which metro tracks are laid, was launched near Pathanwadi Junction in Malad on 2 May 2017.[32] In total, Metro 7 required 1,400 U-girders.[33] Work on erecting the U-girders, as well as disposal and dumping of muck generated from underground work is done only between 11:30 pm and 6:00 am. During this period, multi-axle trailers transport a U-girder weighing 170 tonne from the casting yard in Bandra to location where it is to be erected. The trailer must move slowly to avoid causing imbalance to the heavy load which can result in toppling, and takes roughly two hours to complete the journey. Lifting the girder and attaching it to the pier caps is also a difficult process and is carried out at night time. Traffic diversions are placed around the launching site to reduce the possibility of accidents. Officials erect an average of two girders every day.[34]  JKumar Infraprojects Ltd (Since 2020 for elevated viaducts), NCC Ltd (Since 2020 for 4 stations)  Metro 7 red line is expected to start operations in Jan-Feb 2022. Trial runs on section of 7 from Aarey to Dahisar East has started from 31 May 2021.  Line 7 is estimated to cost ₹6,208 crore (US$780 million).[20] The Asian Development Bank (ADB) will provide 43-48% of the total project cost through a loan at an interest rate of 1.4%. The Government of Maharashtra is the guarantor for the loan.[33] On 2 March 2019, the Union Ministry of Finance stated that it signed a $926 million loan agreement with the ADB to fund the construction of Metro 2 and 7. This was the single largest infrastructure loan ever extended by the ADB. The funds will be used to procure 63 six-car trainsets and for signaling and safety systems on both corridors.[39]  The proposed extension of Line 7 from Dahisar to Bhayander is estimated to cost ₹3,600 crore (US$450 million), and the underground extension to the International Airport shall cost an additional ₹600 crore (US$75 million).[40]  10 stations are under operation and 4 are yet to open in December 2022.  2 stations are being planned on Line 7A connecting Andheri to CSIA (Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport).  In April 2019, the MMRDA issued tenders for the rooftop solar PV power projects at stations on Line 7.[42]  Over the course of two weeks in March–April 2017, Mumbai residents saved nearly 4,000 trees planted on dividers and along the WEH that had been planned to be felled for metro construction. Residents replanted these trees at their own housing societies, as well as schools and other locations. Nearly 210 people and over 40 housing societies participated in the initiative coordinating their efforts through Whatsapp messages.[43]  The MMRDA allotted ₹340 crore (US$43 million) to the DMRC to implement and commission rolling stock, signalling and telecommunication work for the Metro 2A and Metro 7 corridors on 26 November 2016.[44][45][46]  After floating tenders Companies including Alstom India, Bombardier, CRRC Zhouzhou, CRRC Nanjing, CRRC Puzen, BEML India Ltd, Hyundai Rotem, etc. Eventually BEML India limited won the Contract of ₹  3640 Crore to supply 378 coaches comprising 63 Trains Sets of 6 car driverless configuration. MMRDA  ordered additional 21 Six Car train sets from BEML in early 2020.  A consortium of Indian company Datamatics and Italian company AEP Ticketing solutions S.R.L was awarded a ₹160 crore (US$20 million) contract to implement the automated fare collection system for Metro 7 and Metro 2 in February 2019.[47][48][49]  Dahisar (East) Andheri (East) and CSMIA International"
Nicolay Ramm;"     Nicolay André Ramm (born 23 December 1988 in Bærum) is a Norwegian journalist, recording artist, presenter, comedian and actor.  He has a journalism degree from Oslo University College, and he has a theater degree from East 15 Acting School in London.  Ramm started his career in NRK Sport and VG-sporten, with several years as a sports journalist. He later became the host of the online initiative Helt Ramm on NRK, and he has made several programs linked to major sporting events.  Ramm is also part of the humorous song group Punchline where he (strongly inspired by Jon Niklas Rønning) sings, writes sketches and arranges the music. In 2012, he directed and wrote Rudrevyen2012  at Rud videregående skole] together with Simen Sandberg.[1] The revue also won two prizes during Revykavalkaden the same year.  Ramm was in his youth in the rap group To små karer who won Melodi Grand Prix junior in 2002.  Ramm participated in the World Cup at grass skiing in Austria in 2017, where he came in 50th place with a time of 1:07:56.[2]  In February 2019, he released the single "Raske briller", which topped VG-lista for three weeks in March 2019. For the song, he was nominated for Spellemannprisen 2019 in the class song of the year.[3]   Machine translation, like DeepL or Google Translate, is a useful starting point for translations, but translators must revise errors as necessary and confirm that the translation is accurate, rather than simply copy-pasting machine-translated text into the English Wikipedia. Consider adding a topic to this template: there are already 319 articles in the main category, and specifying|topic= will aid in categorization. Do not translate text that appears unreliable or low-quality. If possible, verify the text with references provided in the foreign-language article. You must provide copyright attribution in the edit summary accompanying your translation by providing an interlanguage link to the source of your translation. A model attribution edit summary is Content in this edit is translated from the existing Norwegian Wikipedia article at [[:no:Nicolay Ramm]], see its history for attribution. You should also add the template {{Translated|no|Nicolay Ramm}} to the talk page. For more guidance, see Wikipedia:Translation. Journalist Actor Television presenter Singer Rapper Comedian MGPjr 2002 as participant (2002) Helt Ramm (2015-2019) MGPjr 2016 as host (2016) MGPjr 2017 as host (2017) Huskestue (2017) Beat for beat (2017) Sommeråpent (2017) Ramm, ferdig, gå! (2018) Jorden rundt på 6 steg (2018) Idrettsgallaen 2019  together with Tiril Sjåstad Christiansen (for the year 2018) Idrettsgallaen 2020 host together with Birgit Skarstein (for the year 2019) Maskorama  in the detective panel together with Jan Thomas and Marion Ravn (2020)"
Loona (singer) discography;"   The discography of Loona, a Dutch singer, consists of 7 studio albums, three compilation albums, two extended plays, 37 singles, including 12 as featured artist, 8 promotional singles, and 42 music videos, including 12 as featured artist. Loona was first featured on numerous singles by DJ Sammy under the artist name Carisma. The first release as Loona was the debut studio album Lunita in 1999, preceded by the massive chart hits "Bailando", a Paradisio cover version, and the Mecano classic "Hijo de la Luna", both released in 1998. This success was followed with the sophomore release Entre dos aguas in 2000, preceded by the controversial single release "Mamboleo", a cover version of Herbert Grönemeyer's song "Mambo", which has been removed on later pressings. The albums Colors, Wind of Time, Moonrise and Rakatakata (Un Rayo de Sol) followed in 2002, 2005, 2008 and 2013 respectively. In 2014, Loona released her first single "Ademloos door de Nacht" under her real name Marie-José van der Kolk, a Dutch-language cover version of German singer Helene Fischer's single "Atemlos durch die Nacht", from her upcoming studio album.  AUT: Gold[6] GER: Platinum[7] SUI: Gold[8] GER: 3× Gold[7] SUI: Gold[9]"
1987 Campionati Internazionali di Sicilia – Doubles;" Paolo Canè and Simone Colombo were the defending champions, but Canè did not compete this year. Colombo teamed up with Francesco Cancellotti and lost in the quarterfinals to Josef Čihák and Cyril Suk.  Leonardo Lavalle and Claudio Panatta won the title by defeating Petr Korda and Tomáš Šmíd 3–6, 6–4, 6–4 in the final.[1]   Petr Korda /  Tomáš Šmíd (final)  Leonardo Lavalle /  Claudio Panatta (champions)  Josef Čihák /  Cyril Suk (semifinals)  Jordi Arrese /  David de Miguel (first round) Q = Qualifier WC = Wild card LL = Lucky loser Alt = Alternate SE = Special exempt PR = Protected ranking ITF = ITF entry JE = Junior exempt w/o = Walkover r = Retired d = Defaulted SR = Special ranking"
Marlene Kairouz;"   Marlene Kairouz (born 2 March 1975) is an Australian politician. She has been a Labor member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly since 2008. She was the Minister for Consumer Affairs, Gaming and Liquor Regulation between 2016 and 2020.[1]  Kairouz was first elected to the Legislative Assembly at the 2008 Kororoit by-election, triggered by the resignation of former minister Andre Haermeyer.[citation needed]  Prior to entering state politics she had been elected to the City of Darebin in 1998, serving as mayor from 2001 to 2002 and again from 2006 to 2007. Kairouz was an official with the Victorian branch of the Shop Assistants' Union from 2004, and was promoted to become an organiser in 2005 before her election to Parliament. Kairouz has been a state and national Australian Labor Party conference delegate, and previously served as the Junior Vice-President of the Victorian ALP.[citation needed]  In 2001, Kairouz was awarded the Centenary Medal for services to local government.[citation needed]  In June 2016, she was appointed to the First Andrews Ministry as Minister for Consumer Affairs, Gaming and Liquor Regulation.[2] In September 2017, she was appointed as the Minister for Local Government.[citation needed] In November 2018, she retained her consumer affairs, gaming and liquor regulation portfolio in the Second Andrews Ministry, and was also appointed Minister for Suburban Development.[citation needed]  In October 2017, Kairouz was embroiled in a controversy regarding her advice not to open doors to Irish people, following claims that a spate of thefts were being caused by travelling con artists with Irish accents.[3][4]  She issued an apology on Twitter.[5] The incident received widespread media coverage in Australia and Ireland.[6]  In June 2020, an adviser working for Kairouz was alleged to have facilitated branch-stacking. The adviser is alleged to have obtained money from Adem Somyurek in order to purchase party memberships.[7] Kairouz has rejected claims she was involved, and the matter has been referred to IBAC and Victoria Police.[8] She resigned from the cabinet on 16 June 2020.[9]  She was a person of interest in the IBAC investigation, Operation Watts.[10] "
Melanella modesta;"   Melanella modesta is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.[1]  This marine species occurs off the Agulhas Bank, South Africa.    This Eulimidae-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Eulima modesta Thiele, 1925"
2014 international conferences on Iraqi security;" Following US President Barack Obama's address on the subject, a series of international conferences took place in order to build a formal coalition to destroy the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, which had taken over large portions of Syria and Iraq and had briefly invaded a small part of Lebanon.  The first of these conferences took place on 11 September 2014 in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia[1] and was referred to as the Jeddah Communiqué. on 11 September 2014. The foreign ministers of 10 Arab countries, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Turkey, Jordan, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, Oman and Qatar met with US Secretary of State John Kerry on what each of these countries would contribute to their common security in the matter.[2] At the end of the conference, all the Ministers, with the exception of Turkey, signed a declaration supporting the American military effort, and their commitment to unite against the threat of terrorism, including that of terrorist group, Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL).[3] In addition to providing military support and humanitarian aid towards the effort, the countries also agreed to stop the flow of foreign fighters through neighboring countries, countering terror financing and extremist ideology, and enforce the necessary measures of justice against violators.[4][5] Turkey declined to sign the communique due to "sensitive issues". At the time, the country had 49 diplomats being held hostage by ISIS, and as a result was reluctant to take a prominent role in the coalition.[6] Since then, these individuals were released as 180 ISIS linked individuals and jihadists were released from Turkish prisons, despite U.S. protests of the trade.[7]  Hezbollah, the Lebanese Shi’a militia group, protested Beirut's signing of the pledge to offer regional military cooperation against ISIL goes too far and does not confront the terrorist group.[4] The group, which has ministers in the Lebanese cabinet and is fighting on the side of the Assad regime in the Syrian conflict, attacked its cabinet colleagues, and said that they consider Lebanese Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil’s signing of the communique as non-binding until an official clarification is issued by the Beirut government.[8]  Kerry next went to Ankara, Turkey, and then Cairo, Egypt to shore up his support before going to Paris for the second conference on building an anti-ISIS coalition.  On 14 September, French President Francois Hollande and Iraqi President Fuad Masum hosted a meeting of high officials of more than 30 countries, including those who had been to the one in Jeddah, as well as Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov.  Iran, which had "boots on the ground" in Iraq, and Syria, which has lost much territory to ISIS, were not invited and did not attend.  In a Congressional hearing before the U.S. House Committee on Foreign Affairs, subcommittee Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade on the topic of terrorist financing, David Andrew Weinberg, a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, assessed the successes and failures of the state actors who signed the agreement one year later in 2015. Notably he listed Qatar, Kuwait, and Saudi Arabia as having failed to some extent on upholding their commitments.[9]  Qatar was identified by U.S. officials as one of two states with “permissive jurisdictions’ for terror finance in the GCC. Despite the discovery of Qatari citizens’ private donations to al-Qaeda and its supporters, Qatar has never pursued any terrorism finance cases in its court system.[10] Among these notable financiers Khalifa al-Subaiy and Abdulrahman al-Nu’aymi, both of whom have been sanctioned by the U.S. and U.N. as specially designated global terrorists for their role in terror financing al-Qaeda at rates of over $2 million per month.[11] Yet, these actors were not punished under Qatari law.[12] Qatar is also known to have funded ISIS.[13]  In addition, Qatar has become a safe haven for terrorist groups, housing the mastermind of the 9/11 attacks, Khalid Sheikh Muhammed, openly hosting Khaled Meshaal, leader of the Palestinian terrorist group, Hamas, and the meeting spot for members of the Taliban.[14][15][16] These groups and other sanctioned Qatari individuals continue to finance such terrorist groups.[17]  In May 2016, Senator Mark Kirk (R-IL) wrote a letter to Secretary of the U.S. Department of the Treasury Jacob Lew, urging him to make Qatar take a more active stance on combatting terrorism finance per the agreed upon terms in the Jeddeh Communique.[18] He outlined Qatar's harboring of Nu’aymi, Subaiy, and others as indications that Qatar was not fully committed to upholding the agreement and should therefore be held accountable.[19]  Kuwait was the other state that the U.S. Treasury Department described as a “permissive jurisdiction” for terrorist financing.[20] It's also important to note that Kuwait has become the top source of private donations to al-Qaeda terrorists in Syria. One of Nayef al-Ajmi's appointed ministers was revealed to have assisted in funding to al-Qaeda.[10] Additionally, the U.S. and the U.N, sanctioned two other individuals from his tribe for terror financing.[21] Other Kuwaitis have been linked to terror financing, but prosecution of these financier's has been mixed.[22][23]  In a 2009 memo, signed by Hillary Clinton, it was noted that Saudi Arabian funds are the most significant worldwide for Sunni terrorist groups.[23] Saudi Arabia has hosted numerous Yemini U.S. globally designated terrorist financiers in its state, some of whom still publicly appear in the state today.[24][25] Additionally, in 2015, Osama bin Laden's Mentor, Abdulmajeed al-Zindani, sanctioned for recruiting and purchasing weapons for al-Qaeda over 10 years ago, was photographed and publicly appeared in Saudi Arabia in hosting his son's lavish wedding.[26][27] "
Little Salmon/Carmacks First Nation;" The Little Salmon/Carmacks First Nation is a First Nation in the central Yukon Territory in Canada. Its original population centre was Little Salmon, Yukon, but most of its citizens live in Carmacks, Yukon. The language originally spoken by the Little Salmon/Carmacks First Nation people was Northern Tutchone. They call themselves Tagé Cho Hudän (Big River People).[1]  Former Chief Roddy Blackjack was an architect of the Yukon Land Claims agreement.[2] The Little Salmon/Carmacks First Nation signed the land claims agreement in 1997.  A former chief of the First Nation, Eric Fairclough, was leader of the Yukon New Democratic Party and leader of the opposition in the Yukon Legislative Assembly.      This First Nations in Canada-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This article about a Yukon location is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Alexis Meade;" Alexis Meade (born Alexander Spencer Meade) is a fictional character from the ABC dramedy series Ugly Betty, initially portrayed by  Elizabeth Penn Payne (when she was listed in the credits as "Masked Lady") for the first twelve episodes of her appearance. Alexis was portrayed by Rebecca Romijn for the remainder of the series.  Meade was a background presence in the series since its debut. The former editor-in-chief of Hudson magazine, Meade was believed dead by the public. Meade's example as an editor was held over Daniel Meade's head by his father Bradford, and Meade's assumed death cast a pall over the entire family, contributing to his mother Claire's alcoholism.  Meade appeared repeatedly, beginning with the first episode, swaddled in bandages. She conspired with Wilhelmina Slater to take over MODE magazine from Daniel. She also actively tried to implicate Bradford in the death of former MODE editor-in-chief Fey Sommers. Dialogue between Alexis and Wilhelmina fueled speculation the mysterious bandaged woman was actually Sommers.  In the episode In or Out, Daniel told Betty that his sibling had been killed in a skiing accident. In the final moments of the episode, Wilhelmina told the mysterious bandaged woman, now out of her bandages, that her "skiing accident" had done her a world of good, and called her Alex. The woman corrected Wilhelmina, advising her that her name was Alexis.  Alexis attended Fashion Week in the episode I'm Coming Out. After initially flirting with Daniel, she told him her true identity, explaining she had felt from a very young age that she was "in the wrong skin". This revelation shocked Daniel. Wilhelmina insinuated Alexis into the MODE "up and coming designers" fashion show. Following the show, Bradford began a speech but Alexis interrupted him, announcing her identity. Police appeared and arrested Bradford for the murder of Fey Sommers.  Following Bradford's arrest, Alexis moved to consolidate her control of Meade Publications and tried to install Wilhelmina as editor-in-chief of MODE, but Daniel obtained an injunction to block her actions. At the instigation of Betty and their mother, Alexis and Daniel set aside their differences and formed a fragile détente.  Daniel had always thought their father treated his sibling better than him. Alexis told Daniel that Bradford spent so much time with Alexis taking part in stereotypically masculine activities, trying to try to "cure" her of being trans. When Alexis told her father she was going to transition, her father said that if she did, she would be cut off from the family forever and that he would prefer her dead. She also said the reason she didn't want to tell Daniel the truth was because she feared her brother felt the same way as their father.  Alexis later had a change of heart about Daniel. When Wilhelmina reminded her that he is the enemy and should be fired in favor of Wilhelmina as editor-in-chief, Alexis told her she wouldn't fire her own brother. Wilhelmina ended their partnership, and she endeavored to drive a wedge into their sibling relationship.  Alexis was furious when she found out Daniel was having an affair with Grace Chin.  After Bradford was released from jail and had Alexis fired, Claire Meade, the actual legal owner of MODE, appoints Daniel and Alexis as co-editors-in-chief in an effort to keep the Meade family from falling apart. But although Daniel makes some effort to share, it appears Alexis might still be trying to outdo Daniel even as they try to work together for the sake of the family. In the meantime, Wilhelmina bides her time and tries to sow chaos through fueling the siblings' enmity.  Alexis was also hampered by Bradford's scheme to get rid of her, who plotted with Wilhelmina to pay off Rodrigo Veloso, a creative director at sister publication "MODE Brasil", to get her out of the United States by having him romance Alexis after she falls for him. Alexis later found out about Rodrigo's deal after she picked up his phone and overheard the conversation, prompting Alexis to dump him. After this Alexis' hatred of her father grew, leading her to call a hired hitman to see about getting rid of someone "...in her life."  In the season one finale, an intoxicated Daniel stumbled into her office, his drug use out of control. As she was driving him to the hospital in their father's car, she realized the brakes had been cut and the car crashed. The season finale ended with them lying unconscious beside each other.  At the beginning of season two Alexis was in a coma, waking at the end of the season premiere with partial retrograde amnesia, not remembering the past two years or becoming a woman. A few episodes later, while attending a dinner hosted by Bradford and Wilhelmina, she started to remember after witnessing an angry exchange between Bradford and Daniel, mirroring Bradford's own treatment of Alexis prior to her transition.  In the weeks that followed, Bradford decided to bond with Alexis, which didn't sit well with Daniel, who he suspected of taking advantage of her amnesia as a way to reestablish the father-son bond they had. This ended tragically with Bradford's fatal heart attack during his wedding to Wilhelmina. Before his death he asked the two to be civil and forgave them. But that union did not last long: after learning Bradford (in an unfinished taped will) left no clear successor for the CEO spot at Meade Publications, Alexis and Daniel resumed their competitive rivalry with a paintball contest. Unfortunately after Daniel tried to help a seemingly injured Alexis, she took his paint gun and shot him with it, making her the President/CEO of Meade Publications.  Alexis, Daniel and Claire were also responsible for terminating Wilhelmina's job at MODE after learning of her attempt to manipulate the Meade family, especially her attempt to marry Bradford. However, in the season two finale, after Wilhelmina returned to Mode through her plan involving Bradford's baby, Alexis made her Editor-in-Chief after Wilhelmina pointed out to her how easy running the magazine was, and how much easier it would be if Daniel left.  But it turned out Wilhelmina may have used Alexis' friendship as a front in her quest to make MODE a priority over the other Meade publications. When Alexis announced she was going to help get Claire's Hot Flash off the ground, Wilhelmina tricked her into appearing on Alexis' favorite TV show "Live with Regis and Kelly", where she was sabotaged by the two hosts. After Claire scorned her for giving in to Wilhelmina by telling her that she was a puppet, Alexis finally came to her senses when Betty showed her a mock-up of MODE Daniel got by mistake. Alexis, more impressed with her brother's ideas than with Wilhelmina's (especially after seeing her version plummet in sales, along with fan letters from readers sent to Daniel) gave Daniel his former EiC job back, demoting Wilhelmina back to Creative Director.  In the episode "Crime of Fashion", it was revealed Alexis pushed Christina, pregnant with Wilhelmina's child, down a flight of stairs. She told Betty she didn't mean to and she was so upset at Wilhelmina that she kept seeing her when she looked at Christina. At the end of the episode, Alexis turned herself into the police, but not before revealing to her mother that she, not Daniel, was the biological father of Daniel Jr.  Following her arrest, in exchange for Wilhelmina's help in escaping prosecution for attempted murder, Alexis agreed to give 50% of her Meade Publications stock to Wilhelmina's unborn child and 50% to Daniel, causing ownership of the company to now be divided equally between the two. She then left New York City for an extended trip to France. Before departing, she promised Daniel she would try to connect with DJ and assured her mother she would always be in her life.  It is also known that her mother Claire Meade and her maternal half-brother Tyler Meade-Hartley visited her in Paris in Season 4.  Slate named the character as one of the reasons they were looking forward to the return of the show in fall 2007.[1]  It was announced that in Season 3, the role of Alexis will be demoted from a regular character to a recurring character.  Romijn stated she is unhappy with the direction the writers have given her character.  Her exact words to the New York Post's Popwrap were:  "They made a tremendous amount of changes, especially with the writing staff [during the writers' strike]. And while I know I'll be coming back next season, with all the changes, I'm not sure they can take care of my character the way they have been. So I'll be leaving, back in a recurring capacity, but time for me to leave and find something else." E! Online's Kristin Dos Santos reported Alexis exited the show in Season 3 due to Romijn's pregnancy. "
Not in Love (Enrique Iglesias song);"   "Not in Love" is a song by Spanish singer Enrique Iglesias. The song was written by Iglesias, Paul Barry, Victoria Horn, Mark Taylor, Sheppard Solomon, and Fernando Garibay for Iglesias' seventh studio album, 7 (2003). The album version features Iglesias's vocals only, with the radio mix featuring an extra verse and chorus by American singer Kelis. "Not in Love" was released as the album's second and final single in February 2004 and peaked within the top 10 of the charts in the Czech Republic, Denmark, Greece, Ireland, the Netherlands, Norway, Romania, and the United Kingdom.  The music video was directed by Jake Nava and filmed in Los Angeles, California.[2] The video opens with Iglesias and Kelis outside a busy nightclub and Iglesias enters the club first while Kelis waits on a motorbike. Once inside, Iglesias meets up with his gang at the bar and soon makes his way to the stage where he performs the song backed by a live band. Meanwhile, Kelis appears in sequences by herself or tantalizing Iglesias around various areas of the club.  UK CD1  UK CD2  US  Information retrieved from CD liner notes[3]  ^ Shipments figures based on certification alone.    3:42 (album version) 3:41 (radio mix featuring Kelis) Enrique Iglesias Paul Barry Mark Taylor Fernando Garibay Sheppard Solomon Victoria Horn Kelis Rogers Enrique Iglesias Mark Taylor "Not in Love" (radio mix) – 3:43 "Maybe" (Mark Taylor version) – 3:10 "Not in Love" (radio mix) – 3:43 "Maybe" (Mark Taylor extended mix) – 5:10 "Not in Love" (Dave Audé extended mix) – 7:07 "Not in Love" (video) – 3:43 "Not in Love" (radio mix) – 3:43 "Not in Love" (Dave Audé vocal edit) – 6:08 "Addicted" (The Scumfrog radio edit) – 4:37 "Addicted" (Fernando Garibay radio edit) – 3:45 Written By: Enrique Iglesias, Paul Barry, Mark Taylor, Fernando Garibay, Sheppard Solomon, Victoria Horn (+Kelis Rogers on radio mix) Lead vocals: Enrique Iglesias (+Kelis on radio mix) Producer: Mark Taylor Co-producers: Enrique Iglesias, Fernando Garibay Mixed By: Mark Taylor, Ren Swan Engineer: Carlos Paucer, Ren Swan, Jason Stasium, Tim Olmstead Guitars, Keyboards, Programming: Fernando Garibay Additional Guitars: Adam Phillips, Charles Fearing Background vocals: Enrique Iglesias, Paul Barry, Steve Lee, Sylvia Mason-James Number-one dance hits of 2004 (USA)"
Still Life (video game);" Still Life is a 2005 adventure game by Microïds. Still Life is a sequel to Post Mortem. A sequel, Still Life 2, was released in 2009. The game has since sold 240,000 copies worldwide.[1]  A major theme throughout the game is art, especially the technique of still life that the game is named after. The game also uses a storytelling device of switching back and forth between two player characters.  FBI Special Agent Victoria McPherson is investigating a series of brutal murders in 2004 Chicago. While visiting her father for Christmas she discovers an old notebook that belonged to her grandfather, private investigator Gustav McPherson. Victoria is surprised to learn that Gus had been involved with investigating a very similar series of murders in 1920s Prague. The player alternates between these two characters as they work to hunt down what seems to be the same serial killer more than 70 years apart.  In both cases the murderer targets sex trade workers: street prostitutes in Prague, and employees of an exclusive Chicago massage parlor and S&M club called the Red Lantern. The killer or killers are disguised in a dark cloak, top hat, and silver mask.  Gus eventually identifies the man responsible for the Prague murders, but the killer escapes justice and relocates to America. Near the end of the game Victoria discovers that similar murders occurred in 1931 Chicago and later in 1956 Los Angeles.  The identity of the 2004 Chicago killer is never revealed. Victoria encounters him several times, but never sees behind his mask. She does not believe he is the same person as the Prague killer, but rather a younger person who has been influenced by the Prague killer in some way. At the climax of the game, Victoria manages to shoot the Chicago killer, but he plunges into the Chicago river and does not surface. As the game ends, the Chicago police are still searching the river for the killer's body. Victoria plans to travel to Los Angeles to learn more about the 1956 killings.  A controversy surrounding the game is its lack of an ending. Originally planned as the second of a trilogy,[citation needed] with Post Mortem as the first, Still Life ends without revealing the villain. The story was meant to continue in a third game, but it seemed unlikely that the finalé would ever be made, as part of the development arm of Microïds in Canada was bought out by Ubisoft.[2] However, on December 6, 2007, Microïds announced the development of a sequel, Still Life 2, which was released in 2009.[3] On September 19, 2008 a new Still Life series website was opened, covering the three games.  Still Life was made with Virtools applications,[4][5] the same software as Post Mortem and some other Microïds games. The point and click gameplay is also based on the first two games in the Syberia franchise.  According to Microïds, Still Life and its predecessor, Post Mortem, were commercial successes. The publisher reported combined global sales for the series above 500,000 units by September 2008.[16] The worldwide sell-through of Still Life alone surpassed 240,000 units by May 2009.[17]  Still Life received fairly favorable reviews from critics. Its Metacritic scores are 75/100 for PC[8] and 70/100 for Xbox,[9] based on reviews by respectively 27 and 29 critics. Its GameRankings scores are 75.77% for PC[6] and 68.68% for Xbox,[7] based on reviews by respectively 35 and 31 critics. David Clayman of IGN commented: "Still Life is an enjoyable albeit short diversion for fans of classic adventure games. As usual, this type of game controls better on a PC and character movement feels slow and clunky with the Xbox controller."[12] Eurogamer's John Walker: "There's a lot that Still Life does well, but in the same way adventure games were doing things well ten years ago. There is therefore no excuse for it to not manage other basic, fundamental elements when rehashing these decade-old ideas."[10] Shannon Hall of Just Adventure: "Anyone who loves a mystery and has an investigative mind will get many hours of pleasure from Still Life."[13] Ryan Davis, writing for GameSpot: "Its slavish dedication to convention will scratch the methodical, cerebral itch all diehard adventure game fans have. As a genre exercise, though, it exerts little energy to draw in new players."[11]  Still Life was a finalist for PC Gamer US's "Best Adventure Game 2005" award, which ultimately went to Indigo Prophecy.[18]  In 2011, Adventure Gamers named Still Life the 20th-best adventure game ever released.[19]  EU: MC2 NA: The Adventure Company NA: April 15, 2005 (2005-04-15)EU: June 3, 2005 EU: June 3, 2005 EU: June 3, 2005 NA: June 6, 2005 Bone: Out from Boneville Sherlock Holmes: The Case of the Silver Earring The Moment of Silence"
Mikłaszewo;" Mikłaszewo ([mikwaˈʂɛvɔ], Belarusian: Міклашэ́ва, romanized: Miklašè́va) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.[1]  The village has a population of 270. Alex and Grace currently reside here.  Coordinates: 52°50′32″N 23°46′19″E﻿ / ﻿52.842319°N 23.772041°E﻿ / 52.842319, 23.772041    This Hajnówka County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Dina Galiakbarova;" Dina Eduardovna Galiakbarova (Russian: Дина Эдуардовна Галиакбарова, born 2 November 1991) is a Russian sabre fencer, three-time World team champion (2010, 2011, and 2012) and twice European team champion (2010, 2011).[citation needed]  She was Junior European champion in 2010 at Lobnya, European U23 champion in 2011 at Kazan and Junior World champion the same year at the Dead Sea.[citation needed]    This biographical article related to fencing in Russia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Dina Galiakbarova at the International Fencing Federation Dina Galiakbarova at the European Fencing Confederation (archive) Dina Galiakbarova at the Russian Fencing Federation (in Russian) (in English) (archive) v t e"
No Man's Gold;"   No Man's Gold is a 1926 American silent Western film directed by Lewis Seiler and written by John Stone. The film stars Tom Mix, Eva Novak, Frank Campeau, Mickey Moore, Malcolm Waite, and Forrest Taylor. The film was released on August 29, 1926, by Fox Film Corporation.[1][2][3]    This 1920s Western film–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This article about a silent film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. August 29, 1926 (1926-08-29) Tom Mix as Tom Stone Eva Novak as Jane Rogers Frank Campeau as Frank Healy Mickey Moore as Jimmy Rogers Malcolm Waite as Pete Krell Forrest Taylor as Wat Lyman Harry Gripp as Lefty Logan"
Neelam Gill;"   Neelam Kaur Gill (born 27 April 1995) is a British fashion model. She has worked with Burberry, Abercrombie & Fitch and appeared in Vogue.  Gill was born in Coventry, West Midlands, England on 27 April, 1995 and resides in London as of 2014.[5][6][7] Her grandparents were born in India and are Sikhs from the Indian state of Punjab.[5] Gill has spoken about bullying, depression and body confidence issues via her YouTube channel and also said that she "feels sorry" for online trolls.[8]  At the age of fourteen she signed with NEXT Model Management. She has appeared in Vogue India.[5] In September 2013, Gill made her debut on the catwalk for Burberry’s fashion show during London Fashion Week. In 2014, Gill became the first Indian model featured in a Burberry campaign.[1] In November 2015, she became the face of Abercrombie & Fitch.[9] Gill has walked for Kanye West's Fashion Week Show and Dior.[10]  "Neelam Gill". Vine.  Fashion model CAA (New York) IMM Bruxelles (Brussels) Le Management (Copenhagen)[4]"
Fazilka;"   Fazilka, also known as Bangla, is a city and a municipal council in Fazilka district of Punjab, India. In 2011, it was made the headquarter of the newly created Fazilka district. The Trans-Afghanistan Pipeline (TAPI) project originating in Turkmenistan will have its last station in Fazilka.  Fazilka, founded in 1844 CE, is named by its founder JH Oliver after the Mian Fazil Watoo who had earlier owned the land before it was ceded to the British by the Bahawalpur princely state. Prior to its establishment as a district headquarter by JH Oliver, and as a shopping centre by him, it was an uncultivated bushy area. JH Oliver turned the town into a trading hub between Punjab and Sindh and it was hub of wool trading till partition of India.[1]  JH Oliver had also eponymously named nearby town Ellenabad, now in Sirsa district of Haryana, after his daughter who was also called Ellenabad.[2]  The municipality of Fazilka was formed with Punjab Government Notification No. 486, on 10 December 1885. The town was added to the Ferozepur district in 1884. On 25 July 2011, Fazilka was declared a District by the Government of Punjab with Gazette Notification No. 1/1/2011-RE-II(I)/14554.  Before partition, 50% of Fazilka's population was Muslim. All of them left India for Pakistan in 1947. Most of the villages around Fazilka were dominated by Bukhari Syeds (including the village of Baik Sharif),  Jaat of kerian, Muslim families, mainly the Bodla, Watto, Sahoo Rajpoot, Kalya Rajpoot and Chistis clans.  Many people from Fazilka pay an annual visit to Katas Raj Temples — a Hindu holy site in Pakistan, the site of an ancient Shiva Temple — usually in August.[citation needed]  Fazilka is a border town 10 km east of India-Pakistan border, it is also located near the tri-junction of 3 states within India, namely Punjab-Haryana-Rajasthan.on the India. Within India, it is 100 km west of Bathinda, 210 km southwest of holy city Amritsar, 210 km southwest of industrial city Ludhiana, 210 km southwest of state capital Chandigarh, 240 km northwest of NCR CM city Hisar, 400 km northwest of national capital Delhi.  India's Sadiqui Check Post on the India-Pakistan border is manned by the Border Security Force (BSF). The Sadiqui Integrated Check Post (Sadiqui ICP) is a crossing and check post 14 km east of the India-Pakistan border jointly managed by India and Pakistan border forces.   Across the Indian village is Sulemanki Headworks on the Satluj River, inside Pakistan just 2 km east of Sadiqui ICP. This crossing is also called the Sadiqui-Sulemanki border crossing.  After the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971, the crossing was closed.[3] As of 2017, it was closed, and people of the area have been demanding the opening of the Sadiqui-Sulemanki border crossing for trade to bring prosperity.[3]  According to the agreement, no construction is allowed by either country, including bunkers, etc. within 150 meters of the border.[4]    At the Sadiqui-Sulemanki border crossing, a 40-minute beating retreat flag ceremony is held every day at 6 pm since 1970. It is jointly held by the military of both nations, Border Security Force (BSF) of India and Pakistan Rangers. It is open for the public and tourists as a tourist attraction. It is similar to the other border ceremonies at Atari-Wagah and Hussainiwala-Ganda Singh Wala in Punjab and Munabao-Khokhrapar in Rajasthan.[4][3][5][6][7] According to the Indian officials, "At Sadiqi, the BSF personnel and Pakistani Rangers march and lower the national flags in their respective territories, while at Wagah and Hussainiwala, their counterparts cross the Radcliffe Line, shake hands and lower the flags."[4]  On India's Independence Day on 15 August, nearly 45,000 people from India arrive to witness the border ceremony. Fazilka, like many towns on the India-Pakistani border, has suffered difficulties dating back to the Partition of India in 1947. The Radcliffe Line, the border recommended by departing British colonial authorities, divides natural resources, and people. During the ceremony, kin of families separated during partition of India arrive to waive at each other to show affection. Till 2012 they were allowed to meet and embrace but this practice was stopped due to security reasons the authorities on both sides of the border used to allow the family members to meet, hug and shake hand with each other but the practice was later on discontinued apparently due to security reasons.[4]    The Asafwala War Memorial, also called Asafwala Shaheedon Ki Samadhi, a war memorial and samadhi (shrine) spread over 5 acres Asafwala War Memorial 10 km northeast of Sadiqui-Sulemanki border ceremony and 4 km southwest of Fazilka on Fazilka-Sadiqui Road, is dedicated to martyrs of Indian Army of Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 who sacrificed their lives and saved Fazilka town from falling in the hands of Pakistan Army. Memorial, built in 1972, is dedicated to soldiers who fought here who mainly belonged to the 67 Infantry Brigade's battalions consisting of 4 Jat Regiment, 15 Rajput Regiment and 3 Assam Rifles. This is a unique war memorial which also has the relics of the war heroes who repulsed the Pakistani attack, saved Fazilka, but sacrificed their lives. Apart from the martyrs relics, the memorial also has photos of all the martyrs, and busts of 4 decorated war heroes as follows:[8][9]  On 3 December 1971, Pakistan Army attacked India through Sulemanki Headworks 14 km from fazilka and had invaded 7 km inside India via Indian villages of Beriwala, Gurmi Khera and Pakka till Asafwala which is 7 km  from Fazila. At Asafwala, Pakistani encountered resistance from the Indian contingent of 226 soldiers who held up the Pakistani advances.  Skirmished followed cross various villages, Indian repulsed the Pakistanis who had attacked with high tech guns and tanks, and snatched back all areas taken by Pakistanis except Beriwala village on the border when war suddenly ended with Pakistan's surrender. After the war ended within 13 days, resulting in India's victory, surrender of 92000 Pakistani troops and liberation of Bangladesh from Pakistan, Indian villagers found dead bodies of 82 Indian soldiers who died fighting Pakistani forces and prevented Fazilka from falling into Pakistani hands. They were mass cremated by villagers in a 90 feet long pyre on 17 December 1971 and their relics were enshrined in the memorial as a smadhi (revered shrine).  Villagers built a smadhi as a memorial, which is now jointly managed by committee of villagers and the Indian Army, which also runs a computer centre at memorial to impart the vocation training to the villagers.[8][9]  As of the 2011 Indian census,[10] Fazilka had a population of 76,492. Males constitute about 52% of the population and females 48%. Fazilka has an average literacy rate of 70.7%: male literacy is 74.6%, and female literacy is 66.4%. 11% of the population is under 6 years of age.  Punjabi is language of Fazilka. Punjabi is spoken by a most people followed by Bagri.  Fazilka is known for a style of jhumar dance promulgated by Baba Pokhar Singh (1916–2002). Pokhar Singh's family had migrated from the Montgomery District of Western Punjab, and they claimed to represent the Ravi style of jhumar. However, Fazilka had its own style of jhumar which was referred to as the Satluj style. Therefore, at least two regional styles were mixed in everyday life, and in his jhummar routine (which was basically the same each time, and which family and friends still perform today), Pokhar identified several other regional movements.[11]  The climate of the Fazilka District is, on the whole, dry and is characterized by a very hot summer, a short rainy season, and a bracing winter. The year may be divided into four seasons. The cold season is from November to March. This is followed by the summer season which lasts until about the end of June. The period from July to mid-September constitutes the south-westerly monsoon season. The latter half of September and October may be termed the post-monsoon or the transition period.  The first railway line through the town was set up in 1898 on the occasion of the Diamond Jubilee of the ascension to the throne by Queen Victoria. Fazilka was connected by railway to McLeod Ganj (now in PakMandi Sadiqganj) on the route to Bahawalnagar and then to Bahawalpur. Fazilka was connected by railway to Amruka (now in Pakistan) through Chaanwala. The tracks from Fazilka to McLeod Ganj and from Fazilka to Chaanwala are now closed, perhaps removed.  Fazilka Junction railway station is connected to Ferozepur and Bathinda junctions of Northern Railways. A new 43 km long railway line to Abohar towards the south has been constructed to shorten the distance to Bikaner by over 100 km. Trains on the new railway line to Abohar began running in July 2012. An express train started between Sri Ganganagar and Firozpur via Abohar and Fazilka in November 2012 on this track.[12]  National Highway 7 passes through Fazilka. NH 7 connects to NH 9 at Malaut which leads to  Delhi via Mandi Dabwali, Hissar and Rohtak. The state highway runs from Fazilka to Ferozepur and from Fazilka to Malout. Both are good roads.  It is 100 km from Bhatinda where it connects to Amritsar–Jamnagar Expressway, Pathankot–Ajmer Expressway, NH-9 to Hisar and Delhi.  Amritsar international airport and Bathinda domestic airport are the nearest, about 90 km away.  Fazilka  have a public bus transport system. Cycle rickshaws are the available means of transport in the city.[13] These rickshaws are now dispatched by Fazilka Centre.[14]  kerian is most famous village of fazilka district it only possible due to the efforts of Mahabir Jhuria s/o Jagmal Jhuria  Mahabir jhuria is famous person in village everyone respect him https://www.instagram.com/himanshujhuria/  Maha Vir Chakra (India's 2nd highest gallantry award): Lance Naik Drigpal Singh of 15 Rajput Regiment Lance Naik Drigpal Singh of 15 Rajput Regiment Vir Chakra (India's 3rd highest gallantry award) : Major Narain Singh company commander of 4 Jat Regiment Major Lalit Mohan Bhatia of 15 Rajput Regiment Lance Havildar Gangadhar of 4 Jat Regiment (Vir Chakra). Major Narain Singh company commander of 4 Jat Regiment Major Lalit Mohan Bhatia of 15 Rajput Regiment Lance Havildar Gangadhar of 4 Jat Regiment (Vir Chakra). Navdeep Asija, road safety and sustainable transport specialist Kapil Dev, Indian cricketer Sher Singh Ghubaya, member of the Lok Sabha Shubman Gill, vice-captain Under 19 Indian Cricket Team Surjit Kumar Jyani, politician and Punjab health minister Kunwar Mohinder Singh Bedi Sahar, Urdu poet with pen-name 'Sahar'"
List of Trump administration dismissals and resignations;"     Many political appointees of Donald Trump, the 45th president of the United States, resigned or were dismissed. The record-setting turnover rate in the first year of the Trump Administration has been noted in various publications.[1][2][3] Several Trump appointees, including National Security Advisor Michael Flynn, White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, White House Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci, and Secretary of Health and Human Services Tom Price have had the shortest service tenures in the history of their respective offices.[a]  Trump justified the instability, saying: "We have acting people. The reason they are acting is because I'm seeing how I like them, and I'm liking a lot of them very, very much. There are people who have done a bad job, and I let them go. If you call that turmoil, I don't call that turmoil. I say that is being smart. That's what we do."[4]  For comprehensiveness, the list below includes, in addition to dismissals and resignations, routine job changes such as promotions (e.g. Gina Haspel from CIA Deputy Director to Director), officials moving to a comparable position (e.g. John F. Kelly from Secretary of Homeland Security to Chief of Staff), and acting or temporary officials being replaced by permanent ones. The list does not include many lower level positions, however, such as that of executive director of the United States Interagency Council on Homelessness, Matthew Doherty, dismissed in November 2019,[5] without a replacement to lead the council that was created in 1987. But some less prominent officials are listed because their departure was newsworthy.  Also listed are the officials who resigned in the aftermath of the 2021 United States Capitol attack, well into the presidential transition, when their term would have ended soon anyway.   Color key:    Denotes appointees serving in an acting capacity.    Denotes appointees to an office which has since been abolished  Dozens of Trump administration officeholders resigned in reaction to the Capitol storming, even though their terms in office would expire fourteen days later with the inauguration of President Biden. Some senior officials, however, decided against resigning in order to ensure an "orderly transition of power" to the incoming Biden administration, out of concern that Trump would replace them with loyalist lower-level staffers who they feared could carry out illegal orders given by him.[51]  Three members of the National Security Council resigned prematurely.   Five senior officials at the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) resigned in protest.[67]  Business career The Trump Organization wealth tax returns The Trump Organization wealth tax returns Media career The Apprentice books filmography The Apprentice books filmography Eponyms Family Foundation Ancestry American football Golf Honors Public image In popular culture SNL parodies In popular culture SNL parodies Legal affairs Stormy Daniels FBI investigation into handling of government documents Stormy Daniels FBI investigation into handling of government documents Nicknames pseudonyms pseudonyms Racial views Conspiracy theories Residences Presidency timeline timeline Transition Inauguration Executive actions proclamations pardons proclamations pardons Trips international international North Korea summits Singapore Hanoi DMZ Singapore Hanoi DMZ Riyadh summit Helsinki summit Shutdowns January 2018 2018–2019 January 2018 2018–2019 Polls Lawsuits Protests federal law enforcement deployment St. John's Church photo op federal law enforcement deployment St. John's Church photo op Social media Veracity of statements Killings al-Baghdadi Soleimani al-Baghdadi Soleimani Trumpism TikTok controversy Economy tax cuts tariffs China trade war farmer bailouts tax cuts tariffs China trade war farmer bailouts Environment Paris withdrawal Paris withdrawal Foreign policy America First Saudi Arabia arms deal Iran nuclear deal withdrawal Jerusalem Golan Heights Palestine peace plan Abraham Accords USMCA Doha Agreement America First Saudi Arabia arms deal Iran nuclear deal withdrawal Jerusalem Golan Heights Palestine peace plan Abraham Accords USMCA Doha Agreement Immigration travel ban wall family separation migrant detentions troop deployments national emergency travel ban wall family separation migrant detentions troop deployments national emergency Infrastructure Social issues First Step Act cannabis First Step Act cannabis Space Cabinet formation formation Ambassadors Federal judges Gorsuch Kavanaugh Barrett Supreme Court candidates Gorsuch Kavanaugh Barrett Supreme Court candidates Executives U.S. Attorneys 2000 primaries primaries 2016 election primaries endorsements rallies convention debates Never Trump movement people sexual misconduct allegations Access Hollywood tape wiretapping allegations Spygate election primaries endorsements rallies convention debates Never Trump movement people people sexual misconduct allegations Access Hollywood tape Access Hollywood tape wiretapping allegations Spygate 2020 election primaries endorsements political non-political opposition rallies convention debates GOP reactions to election fraud claims Trump–Raffensperger phone call election primaries endorsements political non-political political non-political opposition rallies convention debates GOP reactions to election fraud claims Trump–Raffensperger phone call 2024 rallies primaries rallies primaries Efforts Resolutions Resolutions First impeachment Trump–Ukraine scandal House inquiry Senate trial Trump–Ukraine scandal House inquiry Senate trial Second impeachment Capitol attack Senate trial Capitol attack Senate trial Business projects in Russia Election interference timeline before July 2016 July 2016 – election day topics timeline before July 2016 July 2016 – election day before July 2016 July 2016 – election day topics Associates' links with Russian officials Steele dossier Trump Tower meeting Trump Tower Moscow Classified information disclosure data seizure Special Counsel investigation Crossfire Hurricane charges legal teams Mueller report Barr letter Senate report Crossfire Hurricane charges legal teams Mueller report Barr letter Senate report Taskforce Communication Government response Stimulus bills CARES Act Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 Operation Warp Speed Stimulus bills CARES Act Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 CARES Act Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 Operation Warp Speed White House outbreak Interference with science agencies v t e 2020–21 presidential election protests 2021 Electoral College vote count (alternate electors) Attempts to overturn the election Democratic backsliding in the US QAnon Republican reactions to Donald Trump's claims of election fraud Social media use by Donald Trump Trumpism Ali Alexander Nick Fuentes Rudy Giuliani Jericho March Alex Jones Sedition Caucus Donald Trump Donald Trump Jr. Notable people Jake Angeli Ashli Babbitt Joe Biggs Derrick Evans Tim "Baked Alaska" Gionet Simone Gold Klete Keller Ethan Nordean Rick Saccone Jon Schaffer John Earle Sullivan Jake Angeli Ashli Babbitt Joe Biggs Derrick Evans Tim "Baked Alaska" Gionet Simone Gold Klete Keller Ethan Nordean Rick Saccone Jon Schaffer John Earle Sullivan Organizations Oath Keepers Proud Boys Three Percenters Oath Keepers Proud Boys Three Percenters Capitol Police Eugene Goodman Brian Sicknick Howard Liebengood Steven Sund Eugene Goodman Brian Sicknick Howard Liebengood Steven Sund Department of Defense Michael C. Stenger Paul D. Irving Christopher C. Miller Ryan D. McCarthy Walter E. Piatt Charles A. Flynn Daniel Hokanson William J. Walker DC National Guard Michael C. Stenger Paul D. Irving Christopher C. Miller Ryan D. McCarthy Walter E. Piatt Charles A. Flynn Daniel Hokanson William J. Walker DC National Guard DC Muriel Bowser Robert Contee Michael Fanone Jeffrey L. Smith Muriel Bowser Robert Contee Michael Fanone Jeffrey L. Smith Virginia Ralph Northam Brian Moran Ralph Northam Brian Moran 2021 inauguration week protests Security preparations Criminal proceedings list list January 6 commission Congressional committee public hearings public hearings List of companies that halted political contributions Social media suspensions of Donald Trump permanent suspension permanent suspension Suspensions of other social media accounts shutdown of Parler shutdown of Parler Domestic Antifa culpability conspiracy theory Antifa culpability conspiracy theory International Second impeachment of Donald Trump trial trial v t e Stephanie Grisham, the chief of staff for First Lady Melania Trump Sarah Matthews, the White House Deputy Press Secretary Anna Cristina Niceta Lloyd "Rickie",  White House Social Secretary resigned in protest on the day of the storming of the Capitol.[52][53][54] Chris Liddell, White House Deputy Chief of Staff[55] Elaine Chao, United States Secretary of Transportation became the first cabinet member to announce her resignation, effective January 11.[56] Betsy DeVos, United States Secretary of Education also cited the Capitol Hill incident.[57] US Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA)  criticized DeVos and Chao for resigning rather than voting to invoke the 25th Amendment to remove Trump from office.[58] Elinore F. McCance-Katz, Assistant Secretary of HHS for Mental health and Substance Use Mick Mulvaney, Trump's former chief of staff and the administration's special envoy to Northern Ireland. Upon his exit, Mulvaney said, "I can't do it. I can't stay ... Those who choose to stay, and I have talked with some of them, are choosing to stay because they're worried the President might put someone worse in." He also said Trump "wasn't the same as he was eight months ago."[59] Eric Dreiband, Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division[59][60] Chad Wolf, Acting United States Secretary of Homeland Security resigned on January 11, saying it was "warranted by recent events, including" recent court decisions ruling that Trump's appointment of Wolf as acting secretary violated the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998.[61] Alex Azar, United States Secretary of Health and Human Services  announced his resignation January 15, stating that it was due to the Capitol riots and stressing the need for a peaceful transfer of power. However, this resignation would only become effective starting January 20, the day President-elect Biden would be sworn in as president.[62] Jason Schmid, Senior GOP aide on the House Armed Services Committee[63] Tyler B. Goodspeed, Acting Chairman of the White House Council of Economic Advisors John Costello, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Intelligence and Security in the Commerce Department Robert C. O'Brien, National Security Advisor (United States)[64] Matthew Pottinger, Deputy National Security Advisor (United States)[65] Ryan Tully, Senior Director on Russian and European Affairs for the National Security Council[66] Arjun Garg, Acting Deputy Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administrator, Brianna Manzelli, assistant administrator for communications, Kirk Shaffer, associate administrator for airports, Bailey Edwards, assistant administrator for policy, international affairs and environment Andrew Giacini, governmental affairs adviser, performing the duties of the assistant administrator for government and industry affairs List of Donald Trump nominees who have withdrawn List of short-tenure Donald Trump political appointments"
Chris Amoo;"   Christopher Charles Amoo (born 14 October 1952) is a singer-songwriter and the lead singer of English soul group, The Real Thing. He is also a dog breeder, and a judge at dog shows including Crufts, where he has had great success with his Afghan Hound, Viscount Grant.  Amoo was born on 14 October 1952 in Liverpool, England.[1]  He comes from a mixed-race background, with a Ghanaian grandfather and an Irish grandmother.[2] His elder brother Eddie Amoo was also a member of The Real Thing, he died 23 February 2018. [3] Amoo is married to Julie Amoo née Mello.[4][5]  As a member of The Real Thing, he had great success with "You to Me Are Everything", "Can't Get By Without You", and "Can You Feel the Force?".[6]  In March 1977, the song he co-wrote with his brother "You'll Never Know What You're Missing" was at No 23 in the Billboard chart, having been at No. 20 the previous week.[7]  In 1981, his single "This Must Be Love", (a Phil Collins composition) b/w "You'll Never Know What You're Missing" was released on the Precision label.[8] In March 1984, a single recorded with Debby Bishop was released on EMI. The song "No Choir of Angels" was backed with "Love Talk".[9] In April that year, along with Alan Price and others, he appeared in the final episode of a show hosted by Marti Caine.[10][11]  In 1976, he sang on early versions of "Forever Autumn" and "Thunder Child" during Jeff Wayne's War of the Worlds project.  His vocal performances were never used.  [12]  As a successful dog breeder, he and his wife Julie Amoo entered their Afghan Hound, named Viscount Grant, into Crufts dog show, where he won the 1987 Best in Show title.[13] Also that year he was one of the Easter Team Match judges at The Junior Handlers Club.[14]  In Crufts 2013, his Afghan hound won third place in its class.[citation needed]  In 2015, he was a judge at the Irish Wolfhound, Levriero irlandese – 25th French Breed Show event.[15]  In May 2016, he was on the judges panel at the CAC show.[16] Also in 2016, he was a judge at E.I.W.C 2016.[17]  [22] "
Rasa Troup;" Rasa Troup (née Michniovaitė) (born March 1, 1977) is a Lithuanian steeplechase runner.[1] She represented Lithuania at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, and competed in the inaugural women's 3000 m steeplechase. She is also a registered and licensed dietitian, specializing in health and nutrition, and a full-fledged member of the American Dietetic Association (ADA).  Born and raised in Vilnius from a highly sports-minded family, Troup started out her athletic career as a middle-distance runner, and had won several titles in national junior championships for both indoor and outdoor competitions. In 1998, she moved to the United States, and attended the University of Minnesota, where she played for the women's cross-country team, under head coach Gary Wilson. During her two-year collegiate team career, Troup had earned All-American honors in cross-country running, and later became the first athlete to win the Roy Griak invitational, as well as the program's first NCAA regional champion. She also posted times in middle-distance running, specifically in the 1000 and 1500 metres, while enjoying her athletic success.[2] In 2000, she received her bachelor's degree in physiology, completed her master's degree in nutrition, and fulfilled her dietetic internship from the University of Minnesota.  After graduating from the university, Troup pursued to run and compete for the steeplechase as advised by her head coach. In 2005, she made her international debut, and represented her home nation at the IAAF World Championships in Helsinki, Finland. She posted her possible personal best time of 9:47.47, in the women's steeplechase event for the first time, finishing fifth in the second heat. Troup eventually entered the 2006 European Athletics Championships in Göteborg, Sweden, only to miss the final by more than seven seconds in the first heat, with a time of 9:53.14.  Troup qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, after reaching an A-standard time at a collegiate competition. She also became the first Lithuanian athlete at the Olympics, to compete in middle-distance running, and one of the first females to run for the steeplechase. In her sporting event, Troup finished eighth in the heats, with an impressive, newer personal best time of 9:30.21. Although she failed to advance into the semi-finals, she also set a national record for the steeplechase event.[3]  Since she came to the United States in 1998, Troup had experience in many different areas of nutrition through proper physical training, and clinical and sports intervention. She fulfilled her internship from the University of Minnesota, because of her knowledge and adaptability in nutrition and health diet, and completed her master's degree in nutrition. After graduating from the university, Troup continued to raise awareness with sports nutrition and health. She has worked with many fitness trainers and experts, high school and collegiate teams, and even All-American and Paralympic athletes. Her services included nutrition assessments, meal planning, meals for home and travel, grocery shopping trips, and one-on-one consultations, regarding nutrition and proper health diet. One of her contributions towards nutrition and wellness included her dietary work for the women's cross-country team at the University of Minnesota. "
INS Palan;"  INS Palan is self-propelled fuel carrier built by Rajabagan Dockyard (RBD) (then owned by Central Inland Water Transport Corporation) for the Indian Navy.[1] It was delivered in June 1986 at a cost of ₹5.719 million.    This article about a specific naval ship or boat is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Length: 58 m Beam: 9.1 m Draught: 3.1 m Displacement: 1200 tons Top Speed: 12 knots Engine: 2 Kirloskar MAN diesels, 1 propeller 1440 bhp Gross Tonnage: 624 tons Dead Weight Tonnage: 715 tons"
Lumber City, Georgia;" Lumber City is a city located in Telfair County, Georgia, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a total population of 967.  The Georgia General Assembly incorporated Lumber City as a town in 1889.[4] The community was named for a sawmill near the original town site.[5]  Lumber City is located at 31°55'48" North, 82°41'1" West (31.930033, -82.683723).[6]  U.S. Route 23/341 is the main route through the city, and leads northwest 17 mi (27 km) to McRae-Helena, the Telfair County seat, and southeast 7 mi (11 km) to Hazlehurst. Other highways that run through the city include Georgia State Routes 19 and 117.  According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 1.9 square miles (5.0 km2), all land.  It is located at the confluence of the Ocmulgee and Oconee rivers, which combine to form the Altamaha River.  As of the 2020 United States census, there were 967 people, 494 households, and 268 families residing in the city.  As of the census[2] of 2000, there were 1,247 people, 488 households, and 309 families residing in the city.  The population density was 642.7 inhabitants per square mile (248.1/km2).  There were 578 housing units at an average density of 297.9 per square mile (115.0/km2).  The racial makeup of the city was 46.75% White, 51.40% African American, 0.08% Native American, 0.00% Asian, 0.00% Pacific Islander, 1.28% from other races, and 0.48% from two or more races.  2.65% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.  There were 488 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.3% were married couples living together, 23.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.5% were non-families. 33.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.06.  In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 19.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 39 years.  For every 100 females, there were 79.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 70.4 males.  The median income for a household in the city was $18,555, and the median income for a family was $25,568. Males had a median income of $22,802 versus $17,031 for females. The per capita income for the city was $12,271.  25.3% of the population and 18.9% of families were below the poverty line.  Out of the total population, 32.8% of those under the age of 18 and 29.1% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.  In 2010, Lumber City had the 19th-lowest median household income of all places in the United States with a population over 1,000.[9]   "
Al Nesser;" Alfred Louis Nesser (June 6, 1893 – March 1967) was a professional American football guard and end. He played for seven teams: Akron Pros, Cleveland Bulldogs, Columbus Panhandles, Akron Indians, New York Giants, and Cleveland Indians in the National Football League (NFL) and the Cleveland Panthers in the first American Football League. He won NFL Championship titles with the Akron Pros in 1920 and the New York Giants in 1927. During his career, Nesser played against Charlie Copley, Fritz Pollard and Jim Thorpe.  Although he didn't play college football, prior to the formation of the NFL, Nesser played in the "Ohio League" for the Columbus Panhandles and the Canton Professionals (later renamed the Canton Bulldogs). He was one of the seven Nesser Brothers who played professional football. He became the last Nesser brother to retire from the game, when he ended his playing career in 1931. He was the last football player to play without having to use a mandatory helmet.  Although none of the Nessers have been named to the Pro Football Hall of Fame, Al was elected to the professional branch of the Helms Foundation Hall of Fame in 1952.  In 2004, he was named to the Professional Football Researchers Association Hall of Very Good in the association's second HOVG class [1]    This biographical article relating to an American football offensive lineman born in the 1890s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Columbus Panhandles (1910–1919) Canton Professionals (1914) Akron Pros (1920–1925) Columbus Panhandles (1921) Cleveland Bulldogs (1925) Akron Indians (1926) Cleveland Panthers (1926) New York Giants (1926–1928) Cleveland Indians (1931) Akron Indians (1926) 2× NFL champion (1920, 1927) First-team All-Pro (1921) Second-team All-Pro (1922)"
British Birdwatching Fair;" The British Birdwatching Fair or Birdfair is an annual event for birdwatchers, held every August at Rutland Water in England, run by staff and volunteers from the Leicestershire and Rutland Wildlife Trust. The birdfairs in 2020 and 2021 were cancelled because of the COVID-19 pandemic and in November 2021 the fair was permanently discontinued over financial concerns.[1][2] By January 2022, however, one of the original conceivers of the Birdfair, Tim Appleton MBE, announced a new event under the guise of Global Birdfair. In March 2022 an official announcement was made that Global Birdfair would take place at a new location, Rutland Showground, from 15–17 July.   It has been described as "the birder's Glastonbury".[3] A large number of suppliers of binoculars, cameras, books, clothing and other birdwatching equipment, plus artists and tour companies, display and sell their wares. There are also lectures and other attractions. The first fair was held in 1989. All the organisers' profits are donated to a charity, Birdlife International. Prior to the 2008 fair, visitors had contributed £1,488,000 to international bird conservation. The 2018 fair raised £322,000, making a total of £4,679,152 since the inception.[4]  Other countries are replicating the fair, including the South American Bird Fair, which was first held in 2010[5] and the Amazon Birding Fest since 2019.  Each year the Birdfair has a different fundraising theme, a list of these is as follows, with the approximate amount raised:  Coordinates: 52°39′22″N 0°42′07″W﻿ / ﻿52.656°N 0.702°W﻿ / 52.656, -0.702  Egleton, Rutland 1989: Stop the Massacre Campaign, Malta (£3,000) 1990: Helping Save Spain's Doñana National Park (£10,000) 1991: Danube Delta (£20,000) 1992: Spanish Steppes Appeal (£30,000) 1993: Polish Wetlands (£40,000) 1994: Project Halmahera, Indonesia (£45,000) 1995: Moroccan Wetlands Project (£47,000) 1996: Kẻ Gỗ Nature Reserve Forest Project, Vietnam (£55,000) 1997: Mindo Important Bird Area Project, Ecuador (£60,000) 1998: Threatened Birds Programme (£120,000) 1999: Rescuing Brazil's Atlantic Forests (£130,000) 2000: Save the Albatross Campaign (£122,000) 2001: Eastern Cuba – Saving a Unique Caribbean Wilderness (£135,000) 2002: Saving the last Lowland Rainforests in Sumatra (£147,000) 2003: Saving Madagascar's Fragile Wetlands (£157,000) 2004: Saving Northern Peru's Dry Forests (£164,000) 2005: Saving Gurney's Pittas and their forest home (£200,000) 2006: Saving the Pacific's Parrots (£215,000) 2007: Preventing Extinctions programme (£226,000) 2008: Preventing Extinctions programme (£265,000) 2009: Preventing Extinctions programme (£263,000) 2010: Southern Ethiopian Endemics (£243,000) 2011: Flyways – The Eurasian-African Flyway (£227,000) 2012: Flyways – The East Asian-Australian Flyway (£200,000) 2013: Flyways – The Americas Flyway (£270,000) 2014: Protecting the Worlds Seas and Oceans (£280,000) 2015: Protecting Migratory Birds of the Eastern Mediterranean (£320,000) 2016: Saving IBAs in Africa (£350,000) 2017: Saving Paradise in the Pacific (Rapa Iti) (£333,000) 2018: Mar Chiquita: a haven for Argentina's flamingos (£322,000) 2019: Conserving Cambodia’s big five in  Western Siem Pang (£155,000)[6] 2020: The Birdfair was cancelled in 2020 because of the COVID-19 pandemic, with an online event to take place instead.[7] 2021: Cancelled because of the COVID-19 pandemic.[8] 2022: Global Birdfair announced at Rutland Showground 15–17 July 2022"
AMU Literary Festival;"   AMU Literary Festival is an annual literary festival organised by Aligarh Muslim University.[1] University Debating and Literary Club (UDLC) formerly University Literary Club of the university organises the festival. Some of the previous invitees include news anchor and author Rajdeep Sardesai, poet Keki N. Daruwalla, politician Mani Shankar Aiyar and independent journalist Rana Ayyub.  The festival is organized under the auspices of the University Literary and Debating Club of the Aligarh Muslim University.[2] The club consists of students as its members. The festival is the University Debating and Literary Club's flagship event.  Journalists like Rajdeep Sardesai talking about media, activists such as Paranjoy Guha Thakurta talking about crony capitalism and novelists like Chandrahas Choudhury having panel discussions about the Indian novel, the festival is a diverse celebration of literature and mass communication, in all its forms.  The festival attracts audience from all across the city, transcending the boundary of the university. Previous invitees include the poet Keki N. Daruwalla, politician Mani Shankar Aiyar and independent journalist Rana Ayyub. With people from diverse areas coming together and talking about the issues of the day and age, the festival is truly a melting pot of culture. Workshops to teach students about the ins and outs of various forms of writing and public speaking are also conducted as a part of the festival, which rounds out the educational experience.  The University Literary Club was established in 1973. The club is the extension of the oldest literary Society of AMU, the "Muhammadan Anglo-Oriental College Literary Society" founded by Sir Syed Ahmad Khan himself. The University Literary Club was rechristened as University Debating and Literary Club in 2015.  The festival was organised from 8–10 March 2019.[3]  Day 1, March 8, 2019  Day 2, March 9, 2019  Reading Literature in the Age of 140 characters by Mr. Jerry Pinto, Dr. Nafis Faizi and Mr. Md. Danish Iqbal, moderated by Mr. Kashif Ilyas. The discussion was centred around the condition of literature in this age of extremities, and how instant gratification on social media and the shortening attention span of people has impacted literature.  Book Launch and Discussion on the book Lynch Files by Mr. Ziya Us Salam, moderated by Mr. Fawaz Shaheen. Mr. Ziya Us Salam talked about how murders in the past used to happen on religious grounds, but now lynchings are more of a conspiracy of targeting a particular person.  Ground(ed) Report in the Digital Scape by Mr.Mahtab Alam, Mr. Shoaib Daniyal, Mr. Gulam Jeelani, moderated by Prof. Mohammad Sajjad. The panelists talked about the problems faced by journalists in the digital era of reporting. There were also discussions about how difficult it is to report on communal violence. The issue of fake news was an important point.  Majoritarianism: The Undoing of Democracy by Mr. Ziya Us Salam, Mr. Shoaib Daniyal and Prof. Asmer Beg, moderated by Dr. Tarushikha Sarvesh. The major topics of discussion were minority issues, communal violence, safety of women, etc.  Conversation on Mothering a Muslim by Ms. Nazia Erum. The book focuses on Muslim women,  especially Muslim mothers, a group which, she said, has little representation in Indian literature. Professor Ayesha Munira was the other panelist.  The last event of the day was Zabaan-Daraaz by the University Drama Club.  Day 3, March 10, 2019  Urdu Novel ka Badalta Manzarnamah by Mr. Rahman Abbas, Prof. Shafey Kidwai and Prof. Tariq Chhatari, moderated by Prof. Siraj Ajmali. They talked about the rising position of the Urdu language in Indian popular culture. Where short stories have made a comeback, the Urdu novel still hasn't found its place.  Literature and Resistance: Rethinking the Politics of Literature by Dr. Shah Alam Khan, Prof. Apoorvanand, Mr. Manoj Jha and Mr. Harsh Mander, moderated by Dr. Irfanullah Faarooqui. The discussion revolved around the way literature has become a medium of dissent over the years, and how, in the current socio-political scenario, writers have to be careful with their words.  At the end there was a tribute to Ankit Chadha & Dastan-e-Tamanna-e-Sarfaroshi, and the LitFest 2019 concluded with a qawwali by the Folk and Traditional Music Club of Aligarh Muslim University.  The festival was organised from 9–11 March 2018.  Day 1, 9 March 2018  Day 2, 10 March 2018  An Ordinary Man's Guide to Radicalism by Neyaz Faarooqui  Clouds by Chandrahas Choudury  Ghalib ke Khatoot & Faiz and Alys Faiz's Letters presented by Impresario Asia, Shamir Abadan, Mannu Kohli and K.K Kohli.  Day 3, 11 March 2018  Life Imitating Literature or Literature Imitating Life: A Debate in the Context of Identities- Chandrahas Chaudhury Akhilesh, Prof. Asim Siddiqui. Moderator- Dr. Irfanullah Farooqi  Disabled Literature: Creative Writing, Pedagogy and Politics of Disability Representation- Dr. Hemchandran Karah, Dr. Jyothsna Phanija, Boopathi P. Moderator- Alisha Ibkar  People as Numbers: Re-engaging with Politics and Democracy in India- Prof. Apoorvanand Jha, chaired by Prof. Mirza Asmer Beg  The festival was organised from 3–5 March 2017.  Inaugural lecture by Mr. Siddhart Varadarajan on Under Siege- The Media and the Idea of a University. He talked about the media as well as educational institutions becoming besieged by certain forces, giving examples of controversies in universities like AMU, JNU, etc. He also mentioned how social media has become a space to target the dissenters. Panel discussion on The Relevance of Literary Festivals by Mrs. Jaishree Misra, Mr. Jerry Pinto and Prof. Shafey Kidwai, moderated by Ms. Alisha Ibkar. Mr. Jerry pinto highlighted the importance of reading for the survival of democracy. Misra and Kidwai both talked about literary festivals as the sites of self exploration and revolution. Story telling and Recitation by Syed Asghar Wajahat. The day ended with a cultural evening with the Secretary, President and Coordinator of CEC managing the event. There were a lot of panel discussions- There were two panel discussions- Poetry session by Dr. Sukrita Kumar and Dr. Rekha Sethi. Lecture on Journalism in the Age of Muscular Nationalism by Mrs. Sagarika Ghose. The lecture was about the crude tactics of criminal intimidation that the government has adopted lately. Talk by Mr. Saurabh Dwivedi on Main aur Musalman, Aapbeeti, Jagbeeti. He talked about the stark difference he felt in his life as a journalist, after spending his childhood in a place with communal harmony. Session on Aks-e-Yusuf by Mr. Mohammad Sabeeh Bukhari, Mr Nadim Mahir and Prof. Shafey Kidwai. List of Guests in 2019 Sankarshan Thakur declared the LitFest open with his inaugural lecture on 'The Necessity of Speaking'.[6] DastanGoi: Tilism-e-Hoshruba was performed by Meera Rizvi and Syed Shadab Hussain. directed by Mahmood Farooqui and produced by Anusha Rizvi. Panel discussion on Urdu Zubaan o Adab ka Haal aur Mustaqbil by Sanjeev Saraf. Dr. Siraj Ajmali was the moderator. Poetry recitation by UDLC members with Sudhanshu Firdaus. There was also a book reading session- A panel discussion on The Case/Curse of Caste in India with Prof. Satish Deshpande and Shuddhabrata Sen Gupta. The session was moderated by Md. Danish Iqbal. Another panel discussion on Populism in the age of Conspicuous Consumption involving Mukul Kesavan, Prof. Saugata Bhaduri and Kalpana Sharma, moderated by Riad Azam. Muzamil Jaleel, deputy editor of Indian Express gave a lecture. There were numerous other panel discussions- There was also a book reading session by Farah Naqvi, as well as a poetry recitation session. The last event was The Art of Storytelling by Neelesh Misra. List of Guests in 2018 List of Guests in 2017 List of Guests List of guests Literary festival List of literary festivals in India"
History of Coimbatore;"  Coimbatore is the second largest city in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.[1][2][3] It is a major commercial centre and an industrial hub of Tamil Nadu and is known as the Manchester of South India.[4]  The region was called Kongunadu ruled by semi-independent chieftains who owed nominal allegiance to the Chera kingdom and Kongu kings. Large quantities of Roman coins and other artifacts discovered in the region attest to the presence of Roman traders. The Coimbatore region is in the middle of the "Roman trail" that extended from Muziris to Arikamedu.[5][6] At the end of the Sangam period, the region became a part of the Western Ganga kingdom.[7][8][9]  The Medieval Cholas conquered the region in the 9th century CE. They constructed a highway called "Rajakesari Peruvazhi".[10][11] During the 9th century CE, Coimbatore was ruled by Irula chief Kovan or Covan during whose reign the city of Coimbatore was constructed, allegedly at the behest of a Chera king who accompanied Sundarar on a pilgrimage to the Patteswarar Temple, Perur.[12] Following the decline of the Cholas, Coimbatore was ruled for brief periods by the Pandyas,.[13]  Coimbatore was coveted by the Mysore sultans as well as British troops during the Anglo-Mysore Wars.[14] The city was taken by the forces of the British East India Company in 1768 but were forced to abandon it due to treachery.[14] Colonel Fullarton occupied the city in 1783 but later returned to Tipu Sultan as per the Treaty of Mangalore.[14] At the beginning of the Third Mysore War, Coimbatore was, once again, taken by the British.[14] Tipu Sultan besieged the city twice and repulsed in the first, he was successful in the second and Coimbatore surrendered in October 1791. The commanders of the garrison, Lieutenant Chalmers and Lieutenant Nash were taken as prisoners to Seringapatnam.[14] Coimbatore fell to the British at the end of the Third Mysore War but was restored to Tipu Sultan at the cessation of hostilities.[14] Coimbatore was eventually annexed by the British on the defeat and death of Tipu Sultan in 1799. Coimbatore was taken by the Polygars in 1800 and was an important stronghold in the Polygar Wars. It was made capital of Coimbatore district in 1865.[14]  The municipality of Coimbatore was created in 1866 as per the Town Improvements Act 1865 with Robert Stanes as the first Chairman.[14][15] Stanes pioneered the industrialization of Coimbatore, establishing a number of textile mills. As per the 1871 census, the first in India, Coimbatore had a population of 35,310 and was the tenth largest town in the Madras Presidency.[14]  Coimbatore was severely affected by the Great Famine of 1876–78 and the Famine of 1891-92. An earthquake on 8 February 1900 killed nearly 30 inhabitants damaging the Coimbatore jail, a Roman Catholic chapel and many other buildings.[16]  Coimbatore experienced a textile boom in the 1920s and 1930s partly abetted by the decline of the textile industry in Bombay. Growth of the city was also fostered by the construction of the Mettur Dam in 1934. During this period, road and rail connectivity with Coimbatore was improved considerably facilitating easier transportation of goods. The period 1911-1921 also witnessed the construction of over 15,000 irrigation wells with government loans bringing large chunks of barren land under cultivation.[17] Coimbatore was also home to some of the earliest film studios in South India. Rangaswamy Naidu established the Central Studios in 1935 while S. M. Sriramulu Naidu set up the Pakshiraja Studios in 1945.[18]  In 1922, Narayanaswamy Naidu started a workshop to repair cane crushers and cotton ginning machines. Two years later, he established the Dhandayuthapani Foundry to manufacture Agricultural Pumps and Motors.[19] Around the same time, G. D. Naidu started his unique bus service. He is also credited for manufacturing the first electric motor in India. Apart from that, he started a series of Engineering companies and Industrial training institute. In the 1940s, a Sheffield University graduate, D. Balasundaram Naidu (Textool Balasundaram) from Avarampalayam in Coimbatore, started his company Textool to manufacture textile machines of his design. Textool in 50s and 60s was one of the largest companies in South India that designed and manufactures indigenous machines and industrial products. In 1965, another textile family of VLB Naidu group set up Mopeds India Ltd after a technical collaboration with Motobécane of France to manufacture their legendary Motobécane Mobylette 50 cc moped under the name Suvega, but, only the central office was in Coimbatore while the plant was set up in Tirupathi.  The Kall Mills and the Somasundra mills were established in 1910. Lakshmi Mills Company commenced their operations in 1911 in Papanaickenpalayam. By the 1930s, several textile mills had been established around Coimbatore due to the cheap power offered by the Pykara power station.  Timeline of Coimbatore history"
Scarsdale Magazine;" Scarsdale Magazine is a regional lifestyle magazine that covers the village of Scarsdale, New York and its surrounding area (Hartsdale, Eastchester, Edgemont, Greenburgh, Tuckahoe, etc.). It is published by the local (Rockland, Westchester, Putnam) newspaper, The Journal News, a division of Gannett. The publication was originally launched as InTown Scarsdale, but changed names to Scarsdale Magazine at the beginning of 2006.    This local interest magazine article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. See tips for writing articles about magazines. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page. Scarsdale Magazine website v t e John Jeffry Louis III (chairman) USA Today Golfweek MMAjunkie.com Reviewed USA Today Sports Weekly Golfweek MMAjunkie.com Reviewed USA Today Sports Weekly v t e Abilene Reporter-News The Advocate Akron Beacon Journal Alice Echo-News Journal The Alliance Review Amarillo Globe-News The American News Ames Tribune Anderson Independent-Mail Alamogordo Daily News The Ardmoreite Argus Leader The Arizona Republic La Voz Arizona La Voz Arizona Asbury Park Press Asheville Citizen-Times Athens Banner-Herald The Augusta Chronicle Austin American-Statesman Battle Creek Enquirer The Barnstable Patriot Bartlesville Examiner-Enterprise Bastrop Daily Enterprise The Baxter Bulletin Beauregard Daily News The Beaver County Times Boone News-Republican Boonville Daily News Brownwood Bulletin Bucks County Courier Times The Bulletin Burlington County Times The Burlington Free Press Cambridge Chronicle Cape Cod Times Carlsbad Current-Argus The Carmi Times Charlevoix Courier Cheboygan Daily Tribune Chillicothe Constitution-Tribune Chillicothe Gazette The Cincinnati Enquirer The Clarion-Ledger The Columbus Dispatch Commercial Appeal Corpus Christi Caller-Times Coshocton Tribune The Courier-Journal Courier News Courier-Post Crookston Daily Times The Daily Advertiser Daily American (IL) Daily American (PA) The Daily Comet Daily Commercial The Daily Herald The Daily Independent The Daily Jeffersonian The Daily Journal The Daily Leader The Daily Ledger Daily Messenger The Daily News Journal Daily Press Daily Record The Daily Reporter The Daily Republican Daily Review Atlas The Daily Telegram The Daily Times (Salisbury) Daily World The Daytona Beach News-Journal Deming Headlight Democrat and Chronicle The Des Moines Register Desert Dispatch The Desert Sun Detroit Free Press Devils Lake Journal The Dispatch Dodge City Daily Globe Du Quoin Evening Call El Paso Times The Enterprise Evansville Courier & Press The Evening News The Evening Tribune The Examiner The Fayetteville Observer The Florida Times-Union Florida Today Fort Collins Coloradoan Foster's Daily Democrat The Gadsden Times The Gainesville Sun Garden City Telegram The Gaston Gazette Gaylord Herald Times Great Falls Tribune Green Bay Press-Gazette The Greenville News Hattiesburg American The Hawk Eye Hays Daily News Henderson Gleaner The Herald Democrat The Herald-Mail The Herald News The Herald-Times The Herald Times Reporter Hillsdale Daily News The Holland Sentinel Home News Tribune The Houma Courier The Independent The Indianapolis Star The Inquirer and Mirror The Intelligencer Ionia Sentinel-Standard Iowa City Press-Citizen The Ithaca Journal The Jackson Sun Jacksonville Daily News Journal & Courier The Journal News The Journal Standard Journal Star Kinston Free Press Kitsap Sun Kirksville Daily Express Knoxville News Sentinel Lancaster Eagle-Gazette Lansing State Journal Las Cruces Sun-News The Leader The Leaf-Chronicle Leavenworth Times Lebanon Daily News The Ledger Leesville Daily Leader Lincoln Courier Lubbock Avalanche-Journal Mansfield News Journal The Marion Star Marshfield News-Herald The McDonough County Voice McPherson Sentinel The MetroWest Daily News The Mexico Ledger Milwaukee Journal Sentinel CNI Community Newspapers CNI Community Newspapers Miami News Record The Milford Daily News Mineral Daily News-Tribune Moberly Monitor-Index Montgomery Advertiser The Morning Sun Naples Daily News The Neosho Daily News New Jersey Herald News Chief The News Herald The News Leader The News Journal The News-Press The News-Star The Newton Kansan Northwest Florida Daily News The Oak Ridger Observer-Dispatch The Oklahoman Olney Daily Mail Old Colony Memorial Oshkosh Northwestern Palladium-Item Palm Beach Daily News The Palm Beach Post The Patriot Ledger Pekin Daily Times Pensacola News Journal Petoskey News-Review Pocono Record The Portsmouth Herald The Post-Crescent Poughkeepsie Journal Press & Sun-Bulletin The Progress-Index The Providence Journal Public Opinion The Pueblo Chieftain The Record Redding Record Searchlight The Register-Mail Reno Gazette-Journal Record-Courier The Record Herald The Reporter The Repository Rockford Register Star The Rolla Daily News The St. Augustine Record St. Cloud Times The Salina Journal The Salinas Californian San Angelo Standard-Times Sarasota Herald-Tribune Savannah Morning News The Shawnee News-Star The Sheboygan Press The Shelby Star Siskiyou Daily News South Bend Tribune Southwest Times Record Spartanburg Herald-Journal The Spectrum Springfield News-Leader The Standard-Times Star-Banner Star Courier Star-Gazette Star-News The Star Press The State Journal-Register Statesman Journal Stuart News Sturgis Journal Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina) Taunton Daily Gazette Telegram & Gazette The Tennessean The Times (Shreveport) The Times Herald Times Herald-Record Times-News (Hendersonville) The Times-News (Burlington) Times Record News Times Recorder The Times-Reporter The Times Telegram The Topeka Capital-Journal Treasure Coast Newspapers The Tribune-Democrat The Tuscaloosa News Ventura County Star Vero Beach Press Journal Watertown Public Opinion Wausau Daily Herald The Wayne Independent The Wellington Daily News Wellsville Daily Reporter Wisconsin Rapids Daily Tribune York Daily Record v t e Arizona Capitol Times Casual Living Central Penn Business Journal Charleston Regional Business Journal Columbia Regional Business Report The Countian – Jefferson County The Countian – St. Louis Daily Journal of Commerce (Oregon) Daily Journal of Commerce (Louisiana) Daily Record (Baltimore) The Daily Record (Rochester) The Daily Record – Kansas City The Daily Reporter Designers Today Finance & Commerce Furniture Today GSA Business Gifts & Decorative Accessories Home Accents Today Home Furnishings News Home Textiles Today Idaho Business Review The Journal Record Lehigh Valley Business Long Island Business News Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly The Mecklenburg Times Michigan Lawyers Weekly Minnesota Lawyer Missouri Lawyers Weekly NJBIZ New Orleans CityBusiness North Carolina Lawyers Weekly Pet Age Rhode Island Lawyers Weekly Rochester Business Journal SCBIZ South Carolina Lawyers Weekly St. Charles County Business Record St. Louis Daily Record Virginia Lawyers Weekly Wisconsin Law Journal v t e The Argus, Brighton The Bolton News Telegraph & Argus, Bradford Daily Gazette, Colchester Bournemouth Daily Echo Dorset Echo Echo, Basildon, Essex Evening Times Greenock Telegraph The Herald, Glasgow News Shopper, South East London & North West Kent Lancashire Telegraph Oxford Mail The National, Scotland * The National, Wales The Northern Echo Darlington & Stockton Times The Press, York Southern Daily Echo, Southampton South Wales Argus Swindon Advertiser Worcester News GateHouse Media American Consolidated Media Calkins Media Community Newspaper Company Halifax Media Group Hathaway Publishing Local Media Group Schurz Communications Stephens Media American Consolidated Media Calkins Media Community Newspaper Company Halifax Media Group Hathaway Publishing Local Media Group Schurz Communications Stephens Media Journal Media Group v t e"
Engin Ardıç;"  Engin Ardıç (born 1 February 1952) is a Turkish writer and a newspaper columnist for the Sabah newspaper.  He also worked as a television commentator in the 1990s.  Ardıç was born on 1 February 1952 in Trabzon, a coastal city on the northern Black Sea shores of Anatolia. After movıng to Istanbul at a very early age due to his parents' jobs, he spent his childhood mostly in Beşiktaş. In 1959, he was admitted to the elementary section of Galatasaray High School.  Following his graduation from Galatasaray High School, Ardıç entered Boğaziçi University and graduated from there with a degree in political sciences. Due to his interest in theater, his first writings in the early 1970s were mostly theater reviews for the magazine "Tiyatro" (Theater). He also wrote literary critiques in Yeni Dergi (New Magazine), Politika (Politics) and the Cumhuriyet (The Republic) newspaper.  He is currently a columnist in the Sabah newspaper.  His writing style often contains street slang. He has at times been accused of being a misogynist[1] and of promoting hate speech,[2] charges which he has vehemently denied.  "Doğru Söyleyeni Dokuz Köyden..." (1988) "Kadın Suretleri" (1989) "İslâm Teksas'ta" (1989) "Şengül Hamamı" (1989) "Mustafa Kemal Sizin Gibi Kıro Değildi!" (1990) "Daktilo Konçertoları" (1990) "Turkobarok" (1991) "Teğel Teğel Hüzün" (1991) "Burjuvazi Şeyediyor Haa..." (1999)"
The Agenda;" The Agenda with Steve Paikin, or simply The Agenda, is the flagship current affairs television program of TVOntario (TVO), Ontario's public broadcaster. Anchor Steve Paikin states that the show practices long-form journalism. Each hour-long program covers no more than two topics.  The show airs weekdays on TVO at 8:00 and 11:00 p.m., and episodes are available on demand at the show's website and through mobile media.  The program's creation was announced as part of programming and re-structuring changes at TVO on 29 June 2006.[1] It replaced Studio 2, a current affairs program that was hosted by Paikin and Paula Todd,[1] it also subsumed Paikin's Fourth Reading, which continued for a number of years as a weekly panel discussion segment on The Agenda.[2]  For a period, on the last Thursday of every month, the program broadcast live from the University of Toronto Munk Centre for International Studies, and focused on world issues with Paikin taking questions from the live audience and online.[citation needed]  In 2012, TVO restructured its program lineup, terminating the programs Allan Gregg in Conversation and Big Ideas.[3] Some lectures that would have been broadcast via Big Ideas were instead covered by the Agenda.[3] The network also devoted more resources to expanding the program "as a multi-platform hub for civic engagement in the big issues of the day".[3]  Journalist Nam Kiwanuka is the program's primary substitute anchor when Paikin is absent, and is the full-time host of the program during the summer months when the show is branded as The Agenda in the Summer.  The show was one of five nominees in the category "Best News or Information Series" for the 2021 Canadian Screen Awards, and Paikin for Host or interviewer, news or information program or series.[4]  The Agenda's website provides access to past episodes, podcasts, and the show’s blogs The Inside Agenda and The Fifth Column, as well as Paikin's blog. Video blogs, timelines of key events, slide shows, and polls, surveys and statistics are also available online. "
NZSA Peter & Dianne Beatson Fellowship;"  The NZSA Peter & Dianne Beatson Fellowship (known informally as the Foxton Fellowship) is an annual literary fellowship in New Zealand established by Peter and Dianne Beatson in 2001.  The fellowship was set up by Peter and Dianne Beatson in 2001 as a way of supporting New Zealand writers and writing,[1][2][3] and has previously included the option of a month's residency at the Beatsons’ holiday house at Foxton Beach.[4]  It is open to writers of fiction, non-fiction, poetry and drama. Applicants must be members of the New Zealand Society of Authors (NZSA) and need to show that they are working on a new project which has a high level of literary merit and national significance.[5][6] The successful applicant receives a stipend of $10,000.  The fellowship has also been known as the Foxton Fellowship or the Beatson Fellowship. The first recipients were Janice Marriott ( 2001–2002), Chris Else (2002–2003), Marilyn Duckworth (2003–2004), Sue McCauley (2004–2005), Jackie Davis (2005–2006), Paddy Richardson (2006–2007), Norman Bilbrough (2007–2008), Jo Randerson (2008–2009) and Glenn Colquhoun (2009–2010).  Peter Beatson was born in Christchurch, New Zealand, in 1942.[1] After studying at the University of Canterbury, he was awarded doctorates in English literature from Cambridge University (1974) and in sociology from the University of Provence (1978)[7] and lectured in sociology at Massey University, Palmerston North, from 1978 to 2006. In recognition of his contribution to the literary arts sector in New Zealand, he was elected the President of Honour of the New Zealand Society of Authors in 2004–2005.[8]  Dianne Beatson was a teacher and author.[9] She died in November 2013.[2][3] Sunset at the Estuary was published as a tribute to her in 2015.[10][3]    This New Zealand–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This article about a literary award is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. 2010–2011 Carl Nixon[11] 2011–2012 Catherine Chidgey[12] 2012–2013 Mandy Hager[13] 2013–2104 Diane Brown[2] 2014–2105 Emma Neale[14] 2015–2016 Michael Harlow[15] 2016–2017 Tina Makereti[16] 2017–2018 Jillian Sullivan[17] 2018–2019 Sue Wootton[18] 2019–2020 Frankie McMillan[19] 2020-2021 Siobhan Harvey[20] 2021-2022 Whiti Hereaka[21]"
Nanning;" Nanning (/nænˈnɪŋ/,[2] simplified Chinese: 南宁, traditional Chinese: 南寧, pinyin: Nánníng, Zhuang: Namzningz) is the capital and largest city by population of the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region in Southern China.[3] It is known as the "Green City" because of its abundance of lush subtropical foliage. Located in the South of Guangxi, Nanning is surrounded by a hilly basin, with a warm, monsoon-influenced humid subtropical climate.  Beginning in 1949, Nanning's economy began developing beyond its former role as essentially a commercial and administrative centre, as it underwent sustained industrial growth.[4] Today, Nanning is considered the economic, financial and cultural center of Guangxi, and the chief centre for the training of the Zhuang minority in Guangxi. The People's Park is located in the center of the city.  The city is home to several notable universities, including Guangxi University, Guangxi Medical University, Guangxi University for Nationalities and Guangxi Arts University.  Nanning, an ancient city with a long history and rich culture, was part of Baiyue ethnic groups in the ancient time. In the first year of Daxing period of Eastern Jin Dynasty (AD 318), Jinxing County, established here as one of the county towns, ushered a history of 1700 years of Nanning organizational system. During the Zhenguan period of Tang dynasty (AD 632), it was renamed Yong prefecture (Yongzhou) and established Yongzhou government seat, which is why it has been called Yong (邕) for short. In the first year of Taiding period of Yuan dynasty (AD1318), Yongzhou was renamed Nanning, meaning the Pacified South.  Nanning was once the territory of the Baiyue people and became the capital of Jinxing Prefecture which was separated from Yulin Prefecture of the Eastern Jin Dynasty.  In 1076 during the Lý–Song War Yongshou was besieged by Lý forces. Under the leadership of Su Jian, the garrison held out for forty-two days before succumbing. The city was razed to the ground and its people massacred by Lý dynasty.  In the Yuan dynasty in 1324, it was renamed Nanning Lu (Nanning Circuit) of Yongzhou. Historically, Nanning was famous for trade, and had permanent business offices from other areas in China since the Song dynasty.  In the Ming dynasty Nanning developed into an economic center of the Zuo River and the You River with the reputation of "Little Nanjing".  On 4 December 1949, Nanning was captured by the CPC, in January 1950, Nanning municipality was set up, and identified as the capital city of Guangxi on 8 February of the same year, in March 1958, the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region was established, and Nanning municipality was the capital city.  Nanning serves as host for the annual China-ASEAN EXPO (CASEAN EXPO) which began in 2004 and was the venue for the 2006 "World Robotics Olympiad".  Nanning has jurisdiction over 7 districts, 1 county-level city, 4 counties, and 6 development zones.  Development Zones:  Nanning is home of the 21st tallest building[5] in the People's Republic of China, the Diwang International Commerce Center, at 276 m (906 ft), currently the tallest building in Guangxi and in  southwestern China outwith Chongqing. The second tallest building in Nanning is the World Trade Commerce City at 218 meters. The city currently has seven buildings taller than 100 m (330 ft), built or under construction.  Nanning has many parks with tropical lush green landscape, it is one of the "greenest" cities in China, and it's known as "Green City"(绿城). Nanning's downtown skyline is rapidly changing and the city is becoming an important hub in China.  Recently, the government has begun a citywide beautification plan which aimed to further clean up the city and improve its image. This involved curtailing the number of street-side food vendors operating without proper licenses and restricting parking in busy streets. The program has achieved initial success, long-term efforts are still needed to deliver lasting results.[citation needed]  Nanning's GDP in 2015 was 341 billion RMB.[6] The GDP per capita was $7,844.  Foreign exports in 2007 were US$10 billion. Foreign fixed asset investment was 34.3 billion RMB. Nanning has six development zones and industrial parks, three of which accounted for 6 billion RMB of Nanning's GDP, more than 8 percent of Nanning's total.  Mineral resources include gold, iron, manganese, aluminum, quartz, silver, indium, coal, marble, and granite. One third of China's different types of mineral resources are found in Nanning.  Nanning Metro system is known for its Nanning Rail Transit (NNRT), expected to comprise a total of nine lines. The first was completed and put into operation in June 2016, the second begin operation in December 2017, while lines 3 and 4 are now under construction. Line 1 connects the East and West of Nanning, linking the financial and political center and the academic and research center of Nanning.  Stations of Line 1 from the West to East are: SHIBU - Nanning College for Vocational Technology - PENGFEI LU - XIXIANGTANG Coach Station - Guangxi University for Nationalities - QINGCHUAN - Nanning Zoo - LUBAN LU - Guangxi University - BAICANGLING - Nanning Railway Station - CHAOYANG Square - XINMIN LU - MINZU Square - MACUN - NANHU - JINHU Square - Convention & Exhibition Center - WANXIANGCHENG - ASEAN Business District - FENGLING -!LANGDON Coach Station - BAIHUALING - FOZILING - Nanning East Railway Station.  Nanning has two major railway stations: Nanning railway station and Nanning East railway station. The latter one is newer and also the main destination of high-speed trains. A third, Nanning North railway station, is set to open in 2023 with the Guiyang–Nanning high-speed railway.  Nanning railway station is a railway junction for the Nanning–Kunming, Nanning–Guangzhou and Hunan–Guangxi Railways. There are also plans to build a high-speed railway to Pingxiang on the Vietnamese border.[7] The goal is to better integrate Pan-Pearl River Delta and southeast China with members of the ASEAN.[8]  At the end of 2013, some high-speed service has been introduced on the Hunan–Guangxi railway and on the railway line that connects Nanning with Beihai (as well as its branch to Fangchenggang).[9][10]  Guangxi is also a conjunction of Guangzhou-Guiyang Highspeed Rail.  Nanning's warm climate gives it a large amount of biodiversity. There are many species of animals and more than 3,000 species of plants. The city flower is the Jaba flower, an evergreen shrub, and the city tree is the almond tree which is regarded as the backbone tree used for greening and landscaping throughout the city.  Nanning is located in the southern part of the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, 160 km (99 mi) from the border with Vietnam. It has an administrative area of 22,293 km2 (8,607 sq mi).[11]  Nanning is situated in a hilly basin with elevations between 70 and 500 m (230 and 1,640 ft) above sea-level. Qingxiu Mountain dominates the southern part of town.  Nanning has a warm, monsoon-influenced humid subtropical climate (Köppen Cwa), with an annual mean temperature of 21.83 °C (71.3 °F). Summers are hot and humid with July, the hottest month, having a 24-hour average temperature of 28.4 °C (83.1 °F). Winters are mild and somewhat damp with January, the coolest month, averaging 12.9 °C (55.2 °F). From February to August, rain is most frequent and relative humidity consistently averages above 80 percent, the annual rainfall is 1,290 millimetres (50.8 in). The area is also frost-free for all but 3 or 4 days a year and snowfall is virtually unheard of in the city, with a single exception since 1900: in December 1975 snow fell on the city albeit without sticking to the ground. Extreme temperatures have ranged from −2.1 to 40.4 °C (28 to 105 °F).[12] With monthly percent possible sunshine ranging from 17 percent in March to 51 percent in September, the city receives 1,585 hours of bright sunshine annually.  Nanning is twinned with:[15]  As of the 2020 Chinese census, Nanning had a population of 8,741,584, of which 5,293,359 live in its built-up (or metro) area made of 6 urban districts, Wuming District not being conurbated yet. Nanning is a city in which Zhuang ethnic group live in compact communities. Thirty-five ethnic groups live in compact communities in Nanning, including people of Zhuang, Han, Yao, Hui, Miao, Dong, and Man minorities.  Nanning is the center of science and technology, education, culture and health in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. There are altogether 54 scientific research institutes subordinate to districts. 10 colleges and 50 trade schools are training specialised personnel of all kinds. Now there are 62 mass cultural organizations, 13 performing groups, 8 cinemas, 285 projecting units, over 70 karaoke halls and over 1000 newsstands. Bookshops and cultural markets can be found everywhere.  Nanning has not only local cuisine but also food from other areas of China and abroad. Traditional food culture can be found around most streets of Nanning. Nanning food shares the style of Cantonese food and of Southeast Asia. Chinese cuisine including Guangdong, Sichuan, Hunan and Jiangsu as well as Japanese, Thai and Western cuisines can be found.  Rice noodles are very popular among the Nanning people. Laoyou rice noodles are the most famous, while other noodle dishes such as Guilin rice noodles and hand made noodles can be found. Laoyou rice noodles (means old friend rice noodles) are made of fry up pepper, sour bamboo shoots, black beans and garlic, then pork, and then soup and rice noodles. The sour-spicy tasting noodles are a very popular and cheap favorite street food for all meals (breakfast, lunch and dinner) in Nanning.  Nanning is close to scenic Guilin, with its world-famous hillscape, northern and western Guangxi and its minority villages, and the border with Vietnam in the south.  Tourist attractions in Nanning include Guangxi Museum, People's Park with the Zhenning Fort, Mount Qingxiu, Guangxi Medicinal Herb Botanical Garden,[17] and Yangmei Ancient Town.[18]  Other places of interest include Nanhu Park, Shishan Park and Nanning Zoo.  Note: Institutions without full-time bachelor programs are not listed.  National:  Provinces:  Autonomous Regions:  Municipalities:  SARs:    Nanning High-Tech Business DZ (南宁高新技术产业开发区) Nanning Economic and technology DZ (南宁经济技术开发区) Nanning Overseas Chinese Investment Zone (南宁华侨投资区) Nanning Qingxiu Mountain Resort/ Tourism Area (南宁青秀山风景名胜旅游区) Nanning Xiangsi Lake New Area (南宁相思湖新区) Nanning Liujing Industrial Park (南宁六景工业园区) Guilin High-tech Industrial Development Zone Nanning Economic & Technological Development Area Nanning Wuxu International Airport China National Highway 210 China National Highway 322 China National Highway 324 China National Highway 325 G72 Quanzhou–Nanning Expressway G7201 Nanning Ring Expressway G7211 Nanning–Youyiguan Expressway G75 Lanzhou–Haikou Expressway G80 Guangzhou–Kunming Expressway  Antananarivo, Madagascar (2015)  Banjul, Gambia (1987)  Bogor, Indonesia (2008)  Bundaberg, Australia (1998)  Champasak, Laos (2010)  Commerce City, United States (2009)  Crema, Italy (2016)  Davao City, Philippines (2007)  Grudziądz, Poland (2011)  Gwacheon, South Korea (2005)  Haiphong, Vietnam (2006)  Iquique, Chile (2008)  Ivano-Frankivsk, Ukraine (2019)[16]  Khon Kaen, Thailand (2002)  Klagenfurt, Austria (2002)  Lilongwe, Malawi (2011)  Provo, United States (2000)  Sihanoukville, Cambodia (2007)  Val-de-Marne, France (2008)  Yangon, Myanmar (2009) Nanning University (南宁学院) Nanning Normal University (南宁师范大学) Guangxi University (广西大学) Guangxi Arts College(广西艺术学院) Guangxi Medical University(广西医科大学) Guangxi University for Nationalities(广西民族大学) Guangxi University of Chinese Medicine (广西中医药大学) Guangxi University of Finance and Economics(广西财经学院) Guangxi Police College(广西警察学院) Shao Changchun, unaffiliated event organizer, violin maker, and academician Wang Ou, actress and model Zhou Mi, badminton player People's Hospital of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region Silver Lining Foundation"
Dark Champions;" Dark Champions is a game published by Hero Games using its Hero System rules to simulate the action-adventure genre. It has not been adapted for the 6th edition HERO rules introduced in 2009.  Steven S. Long authored the Champions subgenre book Dark Champions (1993), along with several sourcebooks to support it.[1]: 150  Hero Games later released a standalone modern action game called Dark Champions (2004).[1]: 152  There were only a few releases for this version of Dark Champions, the last of which was Dark Champions: The Animated Series (2005), the first subgenre book from the new Hero Games company.[1]: 153   When the original Dark Champions book was published in the early 1990s, its focus was on dark vigilantes in a superhero or almost-superhero setting, focusing on adventures similar to those of Batman, the Punisher, and others. The edition provoked some controversy upon its release because of an emphasis on The Harbinger of Justice, an extraordinarily powerful and murderous vigilante who was the setting's signature character.  The second edition, published in 2004, emphasizes general action-adventure scenarios such as one might find in the adventures of James Bond, Lara Croft, The A-Team, the Die Hard and Lethal Weapon movies, and so forth, though costumed vigilantes are still considered a subgenre (given detail in a supplement, Dark Champions: The Animated Series). Harbinger still appears but is somewhat de-emphasized.  Dark Champions also introduced the Hudson City campaign setting, which has been expanded with further supplements.  Challenge #75 (1994) White Wolf #37 (July/Aug., 1993) Review in Shadis #9 Pyramid[2]"
1996 Davis Cup Europe/Africa Zone;" The Europe/Africa Zone was one of the three zones of the regional Davis Cup competition in 1996.  In the Europe/Africa Zone there were three different tiers, called groups, in which teams competed against each other to advance to the upper tier.  Winners in Group I advanced to the World Group Qualifying Round, along with losing teams from the World Group first round. Teams who lost in the first round competed in the relegation play-offs, with winning teams remaining in Group I, whereas teams who lost their play-offs were relegated to the Europe/Africa Zone Group II in 1997.[1]    Winners in Group II advanced to the Europe/Africa Zone Group I. Teams who lost their respective ties competed in the relegation play-offs, with winning teams remaining in Group II, whereas teams who lost their play-offs were relegated to the Europe/Africa Zone Group III in 1997.[2]    Winners in Group III advanced to the Europe/Africa Zone Group II in 1997. In a move to a four-tier system from 1997, the bottom teams were re-assigned to the new Group IV. All other teams remained in Group III.  Group A  Group B    Group A  Group B     Croatia  Finland  Israel  Morocco  Norway  Romania  Spain  Ukraine  Zimbabwe  Finland and  Norway relegated to Group II in 1997.  Morocco,  Romania,  Croatia, and  Spain advance to World Group Qualifying Round.  Algeria  Belarus  Egypt  Ghana  Great Britain  Ivory Coast  Latvia  Luxembourg  Macedonia  Malta  Nigeria  Poland  Portugal  Slovenia  Slovakia  Yugoslavia  Malta,  Macedonia,  Nigeria, and  Algeria relegated to Group III in 1997.  Great Britain and  Slovakia promoted to Group I in 1997.  Armenia  Azerbaijan  Benin  Bosnia and Herzegovina  Botswana  Bulgaria  Cameroon  Congo  Cyprus  Djibouti  Ethiopia  Estonia  Georgia  Greece  Iceland  Ireland  Kenya  Liechtenstein  Lithuania  Moldova  Monaco  San Marino  Senegal  Sudan  Togo  Tunisia  Turkey  Zambia Venue: T.E.D. Club, Istanbul, Turkey Date: 20–26 May  Lithuania and  Georgia promoted to Group II in 1997.  Azerbaijan,  Iceland,  Sudan,  Liechtenstein,  Tunisia and  Benin assigned to Group IV in 1997. Venue: Nairobi Club Ground, Nairobi, Kenya Date: 8–14 January  Ireland and  Greece promoted to Group II in 1997.  Cyprus,  Zambia,  Djibouti,  Botswana,  Togo and  Congo assigned to Group IV in 1997."
Elisenhøy;" Elisenhøy is a neighbourhood in the city of Kristiansand in Agder county, Norway. It is located in the borough of Grim and in the district of Grim. It is located on the south side of the Norwegian National Road 9, east of Klappane and Grim torv, northwest of Fagervoll, and south of Krossen.[2]    This Agder location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
For the Girls (song);" "For the Girls" is a song by American singer Hayley Kiyoko. It was released on May 20, 2022, through Atlantic Records, as the third single from her second studio album Panorama.  "For the Girls" was released on May 20, 2022, through Atlantic Records, as the third single from her album Panorama.[1][2][3]  "For the Girls" is a guitar-driven,[4] electro-tinged pop track,[2] which has also been described as bass-boosted. In her review for the song's parent album, Panorama, Emma Madden said that "For the Girls" was a summery song that is led by percussion.[5] The chorus contains influences of pop music as Kiyoko's ad-libs on the song are high-energy.[4] The song is an empowerment anthem for the LGBT community.[6]  In the music video accompanying "For the Girls", Kiyoko parodies The Bachelorette, with Bachelor contestant and Kiyoko's girlfriend Becca Tilley appearing at the end of the video, and winning the parody of the reality show.[7] Brittany Spanos of Rolling Stone noted that the clip features the drama usually present in episodes of the aforementioned television series, with "screaming, tearful fights and lots of kissing". Kiyoko's father makes a cameo appearance in the video as the driver of a limousine.[8]  Following the release of the music video, which was self directed by Kiyoko,[9] she and Tilley revealed they had been in a long-term relationship for four years.[7] While casting the video, Kiyoko aimed for a full cast of queer people.[8] Abby Monteil of Them called the video "Kiyoko's queerest music video yet".[10]  Credits adapted from Spotify.[11]  Hayley Kiyoko Marcus Lomax Michelle Buzz Oliver Peterhof Hayley Kiyoko — performer, songwriter German — producer Marcus Lomax — songwriter Michelle Buzz — songwriter Oliver Peterhof — songwriter"
2015–16 Scarlets season;"   The 2015–16 season was the 13th season in the history of the Scarlets, a Welsh rugby union regional side based in Llanelli, Carmarthenshire. In this season, they competed in the Pro 12 and the European Champions Cup. It was head coach Wayne Pivac's second season in charge of the region, and Stephen Jones' first season as backs coach after joining from Wasps. In addition to this, Ioan Cunningham was promoted to forwards coach after being part of Llanelli RFC and the Scarlets academy coaching team.  Despite being a home game, the friendly against Bedford was played at Llandovery RFC's Church Bank instead of at Parc y Scarlets.  (+ in the Apps column denotes substitute appearance)  Stats accurate as of match played 7 May 2016 "
Eupithecia noncoacta;"   Eupithecia noncoacta is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in Nepal.    This Eupithecia moth related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Kang Pan-sok;"   Kang Pan-sŏk (Korean: 강반석, 21 April 1892 – 31 July 1932) was the mother of North Korean leader Kim Il-sung.[1]  She came from the village of Chilgol and raised Kim on a small farm in Mangyongdae, both near Pyongyang. She accepted, but rarely participated in her husband's pro-independence activism. After the family fled to Manchuria to avoid arrest, she did not return to Korea. 21 April is a day of memorial for her in North Korea, when a wreath-laying ceremony is held at Chilgol Revolutionary Site.  In North Korea, Kang Pan-sŏk is referred to as the "Mother of Korea" or "Great Mother of Korea". Both titles are shared with Kim Jong-il's mother Kim Jong-suk.[2][3][4] However, it was Kang Pan-sŏk who was the first family member of Kim Il-sung to have a cult of personality of her own to supplement that of her son, from the late 1960s onwards. In 1967, Rodong Sinmun praised her as the "mother of all". The same year, the Democratic Women's League initiated a campaign called "Learning from Madame Kang Pan-sŏk". There is a song by the name of "Mother of Korea" in her honor,[5] as well as a hagiographic biography, also called The Mother of Korea (1968).[6]  The Protestant Chilgol Church in Pyongyang is dedicated to the memory of Kang Pan-sok, who was a Presbyterian. Her name meant "rock", having been named for Saint Peter.[7]    This biographical article about a Korean activist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. v t e"
John Salisbury (athlete);"   John Edward Salisbury (born 26 January 1934 in Birmingham) is a British former athlete who mainly competed in the 400 metres.[1][2]  Salisbury competed for Great Britain at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne where he won the bronze medal in the 4 × 400 metres relay[1] with his team mates Peter Higgins, Michael Wheeler and Derek Johnson.  At the 1958 European Athletics Championships in Stockholm, Salisbury won the silver medal after completing the 400 metres in 46.5 seconds, as well as a gold medal in the 4 × 400 metres relay having recorded a time of 3 minutes 7.9 seconds.[3] In the same year he competed at the Commonwealth Games in Cardiff and won silver in the 4 × 440 yards relay with team members Derek Johnson, Edward Sampson, and John Wrighton. They recorded a time of 3 minutes 9.6 seconds.[4]    This article about an Olympic medallist in athletics of the United Kingdom is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This biographical article relating to English athletics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Conan the Cimmerian;" Conan the Cimmerian may refer to:  Conan the Barbarian, Robert E. Howard's fictional character Conan the Cimmerian (comics), Dark Horse Comics series about that character The Coming of Conan the Cimmerian, an anthology collection of Robert E. Howard's short stories Conan (disambiguation) Conan of Cimmeria (disambiguation) Conan the Adventurer (disambiguation) Conan the Barbarian (disambiguation) Conan the Conqueror (disambiguation) Conan the Destroyer (disambiguation) Cimmeria (disambiguation)"
Cyclic AMP receptors;" Cyclic AMP receptors  from slime molds are a distinct family of  G-protein coupled receptors. These receptors control development in Dictyostelium discoideum.  In D. discoideum, the cyclic AMP receptors coordinate aggregation of individual cells into a multicellular organism, and regulate the expression of a large number of developmentally-regulated genes.[1][2][3] The amino acid sequences of the receptors contain high proportions of hydrophobic residues grouped into 7 domains, in a manner reminiscent of the rhodopsins and other receptors believed to interact with G-proteins. However, while a similar 3D framework has been proposed to account for this, there is no significant sequence similarity between these families: the cAMP receptors thus bear their own unique '7TM' signature.    This transmembrane receptor-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. cAMP receptor protein"
Herbert Smith (forward);"   Herbert Smith was an English professional footballer who played as a forward.  Born in Bradford, Smith moved from Liversedge to Bradford City in May 1925.[1] He made 5 league appearances for the club,[2] before being released in 1926.[1]    This biographical article related to association football in England, about a forward, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Frost, Terry (1988). Bradford City A Complete Record 1903-1988. Breedon Books Sport. ISBN 0-907969-38-0."
Beer in Edinburgh;"   The history of beer in Edinburgh is perhaps the lengthiest of any region of Scotland.[citation needed] Throughout the history of Edinburgh, brewing takes its place as one of the most important and oldest industries. The origin of brewing goes back to the 12th century monks of Holyrood Abbey, who took advantage of the clear spring water for the production of their ale.[1] The brewing industry certainly contributed to Edinburgh's earned moniker of "Auld Reekie" so named due to all the smoke produced by coal and wood burning furnaces and boilers. This is evidenced by the fact that at the turn of the 20th century, Edinburgh had no less than thirty-five breweries churning out this smoke from its maltings and brewhouses. This haze may not have been so noticeable were it not for the density of the buildings and population in such proximity.[2] There are two lists below, one for defunct and one for operational breweries & microbreweries in Edinburgh.  List of breweries in Scotland"
Essexella;"   Essexella is an extinct genus of scyphozoan jellyfish known from Late Carboniferous fossils containing the species Essexella asherae. See list of prehistoric medusozoans. It is one of the most recurrent organisms in the Mazon Creek fossil beds of Illinois.[1] In the Essex biota of Mazon Creek, it consists of 42% of all fossil finds.[2] Its behavior is speculated to be similar to that of modern-day jellyfish.[1]    This prehistoric cnidarian article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This article about a Cretaceous animal is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
The Mole Song: Hong Kong Capriccio;"  The Mole Song: Hong Kong Capriccio (Japanese: 土竜の唄 香港狂騒曲, Hepburn: Mogura no uta: Hong Kong kyōsō-kyoku) is a 2016 Japanese action comedy film directed by Takashi Miike from a screenplay by Kankuro Kudo based on the popular manga series Mogura no Uta by Noboru Takahashi. It is the sequel to the 2013 film The Mole Song: Undercover Agent Reiji and follows the story of Reiji Kikukawa after the events of that film.  Undercover investigator Reiji Kikukawa, nicknamed "The Mole", has infiltrated the Hiura gang led by Masaya Hiura, a.k.a. "Crazy Papillon", and risen to the rank of second-in-command after eliminating the members of the clan who were involved in the illegal drug trade without authorization. A disgraced yakuza member forges an alliance with the Dragon Skulls, a Chinese gang, to take on the Sukiya-kai clan that is in control of the Kanto Region. Shuho Todoroki, head of the Sukiya-kai, becomes a target and his daughter Karen is kidnapped to be sold at a beauty auction in Hong Kong. Reiji once again tries to do the right thing while remaining undercover as he becomes entangled in a massive international conspiracy. Meanwhile, elite police officer Shinya Kabuto moves to arrest Reiji.  The film premiered at the 2016 International Film Festival & Awards Macao at 8:00 p.m. on Friday, December 9, 2016.[1][2] It later received wide release in Japan on December 23, 2016. It had its North American premiere at the 16th New York Asian Film Festival at 6:00 p.m. on Friday, July 14, 2017.[3] By the first screenings, the film had ranked #5 at the Japanese Box Office, and earned ¥223 million (US$1.804 million).[4]  The film received generally positive reviews. Mark Schilling of The Japan Times wrote that Toma Ikuta is "a versatile actor" who plays "a goofy undercover-cop-cum-gangster".[5] In a separate review of the film he wrote that The Mole Song: Hong Kong Capriccio is one of Takashi Miike's better films, noting that "Ikuta gives himself up totally to the idiocy of being Reiji, from his incurable awkwardness with women to his knack for stupidly getting himself into perilous situations."[6] Maggie Lee of Variety wrote, "Despite the ragtag characters, sudden twists, and dizzying collage-like animated sequences, Kudo's literate screenplay and Kenji Yamashita's brisk editing manage to steer the main plot on course, making this one of the easiest-to-follow outings by Miike."[7]  The film was released on Blu-ray & DVD on June 14, 2017.[8]  December 9, 2016 (2016-12-09) (IFFAM) December 23, 2016 (2016-12-23) (Japan) Toma Ikuta as Reiji Kikukawa Eita as Shinya Kabuto Tsubasa Honda as Karen Todoroki Shinichi Tsutsumi as Masaya Hiura Riisa Naka as Junna Wakagi Yusuke Kamiji as Kenta Kurokawa Nanao as Hufon Arata Furuta as Momoji Sakuraja Kanichi Endo as Kazumi Akagiri Sarutoki Minagawa as Doppo Fukuzumi Mitsuru Fukikoshi as Toshio Sakami Koichi Iwaki as Shuho Todoroki Ikumi Hisamatsu as Chirin"
Acernaspis;"   Acernaspis is an extinct genus of trilobite that is known from the Silurian. It contains two species, A. elliptifrons, and A. salmoensis.  It is sometimes found preserved in burrows of various forms, sometimes in association with multiple moults, suggesting that it used tunnels as refuges whilst in its vulnerable moulting stage.[2]    This Phacopida-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. A. orestes Billings, 1860 type species = Phacops orestes, A. mimica, A. superciliexcelsis[1]  Eskaspis Murphycops"
Pinakamamahal;"   Pinakamamahal (International title: Beloved) is a 2006 Philippine television drama romance series broadcast by GMA Network. It stars Oyo Boy Sotto and Marian Rivera. It premiered on August 14, 2006 on the network's Dramarama sa Hapon line up replacing Agawin Mo Man ang Lahat. The series concluded on November 3, 2006 with a total of 60 episodes. It was replaced by Makita Ka Lang Muli in its timeslot.  This Philippine television program-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Drama Romance Oyo Boy Sotto Marian Rivera Antonio P. Tuviera Malou Choa-Fagar Oyo Boy Sotto as Martin Padua Marian Rivera as Carissa Crismundo[1] Pauleen Luna as Nanette Casayuran Danilo Barrios as Jeremy Dizon Danica Sotto as Amy Querubin AJ Eigenmann as Lito Arguelles Hero Angeles as Michael Casayuran Maritoni Fernandez as Marikrissa Padua Lollie Mara as Sofia Padua Gary Estrada as Ricardo Padua Pinky Amador as Margie Crismundo Krystal Reyes as Cristine "Tintin" Padua Menggie Cobarrubias as Gustino "Father Gustin" Robert Seña as Edward Bing Loyzaga as Sister Salve Querubin Sandy Andolong as Sister Agatha Lucero Joyce Ching as young Nanette Casayuran Vice Ganda"
Censorship in Japan;" Censorship in Japan has taken many forms throughout the history of the country. While Article 21 of the Constitution of Japan guarantees freedom of expression and prohibits formal censorship, effective censorship of obscene content does exist and is justified by the Article 175 of the Criminal Code of Japan. Historically, the law has been interpreted in different ways—recently it has been interpreted to mean that all pornography must be at least partly censored, and a few arrests has been made based on this law.[1]  As of 2022, Japan is ranked 71st on the Press Freedom Index, down from 67th in the previous year.[2] Reporters Without Borders has noted that issues concerning Japan include self-censorship among its journalists, the national media broadcaster NHK maintaining close ties to the ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), as well as the exclusion of freelancers and foreign reporters in government events and interviews, fueling doubts about editorial independence.[3] In 2022, an "online insults" law was introduced that would regulate the kind of speech made in the online public sphere.[4]  As publishing became more popular in the Edo Period, the Tokugawa shogunate began to turn to censorship. During this period, the shogunate, or military government, had a constant policy to censor anything deemed as indecent by the government. Initial targets included Christianity, criticism of the shogunate, and information on the activities of the Tokugawa clan. With the Kansei Reforms, any material deemed to be disturbing the traditional way of life, as well as luxury publications, came under scrutiny. Under the Tempō Reforms, printing blocks of erotic literature, as well as the novels of Tamenaga Shunsui and Tanehiko Ryūtei were among those seized.[5]  Their early bans focused on Christian books, military books (gunsho), mainly as a way to restrict regional Daimyo, feudal lord, from using Christianity as a political ideology and challenge the Bakufu's new rule while imposing their moral authority. As military and political instability settled, the shogunate turned their gaze on social unrest. They were noting an increase in civil disobedience and satirical criticism using literature and theater coming from ordinary people.[6] An edict for publications guidelines were issued on Kyoho 7(1722)/11 with an outline of themes that were banned. In addition to literature, the Shogunate also placed limitations on kabuki theater actors. The shogunate prohibited women and children from appearing in plays, however, this law was often ignored by theater houses. These new laws resulted in the rise of male actors who would specialize in female roles called onnagata.[7]  After the Meiji Restoration in 1868, which marked a major political shift in Japan, the government began heavy censorship of Western ideas, pornography and any political writings critical of the Emperor of Japan and government, wanting to control the spread of information. Censorship of materials increased from this point, often using ongoing wars to increase police penalties. In 1930, the death penalty was added to the list of punishments deemed acceptable for certain violations. This continued, eventually to the Information and Propaganda Department (情報部, Jōhōbu) being elevated to the Information Bureau (情報局, Jōhō Kyoku) in 1940, which consolidated the previously separate information departments from the Army, Navy and Foreign Ministry under the aegis of the Home Ministry. The new Bureau had complete control over all news, advertising and public events. The following year revision of the National Mobilization Law (国家総動員法, Kokka Sōdōin Hō) eliminated freedom of the press entirely, doing things such as forcing papers in each prefecture to either merge into one paper or cease publication, with all articles by the paper having to be screened by government censors before they could be published.[8]  After the surrender of Japan in 1945, the Supreme Commander of the Allied Powers abolished all forms of censorship and controls on freedom of speech. Article 21 of the Constitution of Japan was later integrated in 1947 to guarantee that the Japanese had the freedom to associate with each other and express their thoughts freely. However, press censorship remained a reality during the occupation of Japan, especially in matters of pornography, and in political matters deemed subversive by the American government.[9] Publications submitted by the press were monitored for criticisms about democracy or the problems such as starvation the Japanese citizens experienced during the occupation in the form of regulations set by The Press Code of 1945.[10]  Censorship of certain events related to the Allied forces left various groups of Japanese citizens to be subjected to discrimination by their peers. Hibakusha experienced life-altering physical changes as a result of the radiation they were exposed to and the lack of press explaining the effects of radiation poisoning made it difficult for Hibakusha to fit in. Unable to speak out against the results of the atomic bombs and to assimilate with other Japanese citizens, most Hibakusha had to live in isolation within the homes of their family.[11]  The three organizations established by the Supreme Commander of the Allied Powers and who were tasked with upholding press censorship were the Civil Communications Section (CCS), the Civil Censorship Detachment (CCD), and the Civil Information and Education Section (CIE). The CCS focused on monitoring what was being broadcast to the Japanese people while the CCD monitored printed and filmed works to ensure that no form of media was spreading messages against democracy. The CIE on the other hand, was primarily used to educate Japanese publishers and producers on how to integrate prodemocratic values into their publications to boost support for the new government.[10]  According to Donald Keene:  Not only did Occupation censorship forbid criticism of the United States or other Allied nations, but the mention of censorship itself was forbidden. This means, as Donald Keene observes, that for some producers of texts "the Occupation censorship was even more exasperating than Japanese military censorship had been because it insisted that all traces of censorship be concealed. This meant that articles had to be rewritten in full, rather than merely submitting XXs for the offending phrases."  The sale and distribution of pornography in Japan is restricted under Article 175 of the Criminal Code (1907), which states the following:  A person who distributes, sells or displays in public an obscene document, drawing or other objects shall be punished by imprisonment with work for not more than 2 years, a fine of not more than 2,500,000 yen or a petty fine. The same shall apply to a person who possesses the same for the purpose of sale.[13] The article was amended in 2011 to include "recording media containing [obscene] electronic or magnetic records", as well as materials distributed by electronic means.[14]  The definition of "obscenity", which is absent from the text of the code itself, has developed through a series of judicial decisions. In the 1957 Chatterley Case [ja], the Supreme Court of Japan upheld the convictions of translator Sei Itō and editor Kyujiro Koyama, who were accused of violating the law with their 1950 publication of D. H. Lawrence's erotic novel Lady Chatterley's Lover. In its opinion, the Court cited a three-part test for obscenity previously established by the Supreme Court of Judicature in 1928, under this test, a work is considered obscene if it "arouses and stimulates sexual desire, offends a common sense of modesty or shame, and violates proper concepts of sexual morality."[15] Due to this legal interpretation, the majority of pornography produced in Japan undergoes self-censorship, the primary means are digital mosaics and/or censor bars placed over genitalia.  The first film after World War II to be prosecuted on obscenity charges was Black Snow, a 1965 pink film directed by Tetsuji Takechi and produced by Nikkatsu.[16] The politically and sexually explicit film, which depicts the lives of prostitutes on the outskirts of a US military base in Tokyo, was ruled as "not obscene" by the Tokyo District Court in 1966. The lower court held that the defendants, Takechi and Nikkatsu distributor chief Satoru Murakami, were not culpable because the film had successfully passed Eirin, Japan's self-regulating movie regulator. The ruling was upheld in 1969 at the Tokyo High Court, which deemed that the film was obscene but acquitted the pair on the basis of the approval the film had received from Eirin. The rulings were followed in 1972 by a series of prosecutions against Nikkatsu's Roman Porno film series, which similarly ended in acquittals of Nikkatsu employees in 1978 and 1980 on the basis of Eirin approvals.[16]  In January 2004, Yūji Suwa, Motonori Kishi, and Kōichi Takada were prosecuted for producing and distributing the hentai manga anthology Misshitsu, in the first manga-related obscenity trial in Japan. Police reports found the depictions of "genitalia and scenes of sexual intercourse" within the manga to have been "drawn in detail and realistically," and that the censor bars meant to obscure genitalia and sexual penetration were "less conservative" than usual.[17] Suwa and Takada pled guilty and were fined ¥500,000 each (about US$4,700), with Kishi receiving a one-year suspended prison sentence.[18] After appealing to the Tokyo High Court, Kishi's sentence was reduced to a 1.5 million yen fine (about US$13,750).[19] He then appealed the case to the Supreme Court, arguing that Article 175 violated Article 21 of the Constitution of Japan and its protection of freedom of expression. In its 2007 decision, the Court upheld the guilty verdict, concluding that Misshitsu satisfied the three-part obscenity test and was therefore subject to restriction. After the convictions of Kishi and Suwa, a number of retail bookstores in Japan removed their adults-only section, a phenomenon attributed to the chilling effect of the outcome.[20]  In July 2013, three people related to Core Magazine, a Japanese publishing company focused on adult material, were arrested for selling "obscene images" with "insufficient censoring".[21][22] They later pleaded guilty in December 2013.[23]  Internet censorship in Japan generally focuses on pornography and controversial political material especially in regards to Japanese history during the Empire of Japan.[24]  In 2022, Japan introduced a law to revise its Penal Code that would mandate a jail time for up to a year and a larger fine for making "online insults".[25] Previously, insult charges apply when it is established that an "individual has insulted another in the public sphere to damage their social reputation." The penalty applied to the crime under the pre-revised law were "detention for less than 30 days" or "a fine of less than 10,000 yen.[4]  View a machine-translated version of the Japanese article. Machine translation, like DeepL or Google Translate, is a useful starting point for translations, but translators must revise errors as necessary and confirm that the translation is accurate, rather than simply copy-pasting machine-translated text into the English Wikipedia. Do not translate text that appears unreliable or low-quality. If possible, verify the text with references provided in the foreign-language article. You must provide copyright attribution in the edit summary accompanying your translation by providing an interlanguage link to the source of your translation. A model attribution edit summary is Content in this edit is translated from the existing Japanese Wikipedia article at [[:ja:日本における検閲]], see its history for attribution. You should also add the template {{Translated|ja|日本における検閲}} to the talk page. For more guidance, see Wikipedia:Translation. Algeria Armenia Australia Azerbaijan Bangladesh Belarus Bhutan Bolivia Brazil Canada China(Hong Kong / overseas) Cuba Czech Republic Denmark Ecuador Eritrea Finland France(Ancien Régime) Germany(Nazi / Democratic Republic / Federal Republic) Honduras India Indonesia(Dutch East Indies) Iran(Islamic) Iraq Ireland Israel Italy(World War I) Jamaica Japan(Empire of Japan)  Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mexico Morocco Myanmar Nepal New Zealand Nigeria North Korea Pakistan Paraguay Philippines Poland (Communist) (Communist) Portugal Romania(Communist) Russia(Soviet Union / Russian Empire / Russian Federation) Rwanda Samoa Saudi Arabia Serbia Singapore Somalia South Africa South Asia South Korea Spain(Francoist) Sri Lanka Sweden Syria Taiwan Thailand Tunisia Turkey Ukraine United Kingdom United States Venezuela Vietnam Freedom of speech by country Internet censorship and surveillance by country v t e Computer Entertainment Rating Organization—a Japanese rating organization for video games Constitution of Japan § Individual rights Eirin—the Japanese film rating organization Japanese history textbook controversies Kotobagari—self-censorship and euphemisms Kisha club—restrictive journalist clubs that allows only established news organisations to access government events and to interview officials Nanjing Massacre denial Nihon Ethics of Video Association (NEVA)—a Japanese rating organization for videos Tokyo Metropolitan Ordinance Regarding the Healthy Development of Youths—the Tokyo law that regulates young people's access to "harmful" publications Uyoku dantai ("right wing groups")"
Flames of Convention;" Flames of Convention was the third novel by F. J. Thwaites.[1]  An artist, Brett Hardy, and his beloved, a squatter's daughter, defy convention to live their lives their own way and suffer for it. The novel is set in Sydney and rural New South Wales.[2]    Eighteen months after publication, it was alleged that a section of Chapter Fifteen the book closely resembled the opening chapter of Susan Lennox: Her Fall and Rise (1912) by David Phillips.[3]  In 1935 it was announced the book would be filmed in England but this did not happen.[4] "
Chatham Central High School;" Chatham Central High School is a public high school located in Bear Creek, North Carolina with a student population of around 400 students. It is part of Chatham County Schools.  The FFA team usually goes to the national convention.[citation needed]    This North Carolina school-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Gillitts;" Gillitts is a town in the KwaZulu-Natal Province of South Africa.  It is about 22 miles (35 km) inland from the Durban city centre at an elevation of 1800 feet (600 m ASL). Although Durban is semi-tropical and very humid, Gillitts is above the humidity and is not humid, except when it is in the clouds, which generally occurs in summer. It is in the mist belt area, so this area gets a fair amount of mist which many of the residents complain about.  It is positioned near the currently burgeoning Hillcrest and Kloof. The whole area is known as the Upper Highway Area as the M13 highway intersects it.  While some residents do seem to complain about the mist, it does usually come as a welcome relief to the intense humidity of the area.  Gillitts has remained fairly stable while Kloof and Hillcrest in the surrounding areas are growing quite rapidly. This can be attributable to the fact that there is very little area for Gillitts to grow.  Gillitts originated as an extensive farm that extended over the whole of the Upper Highway area, but over time, the farm was sold off and now only the 100-year-old farmhouse remains inside the Gillitts Driving Range and 9-hole, mashie golf course.  This golf course is one of the best designed courses of its size in KZN.  The area of Gillitts extends along either side of the M13 highway which stretches from Durban to Assagay. The M13 replaced the Old Main Road between the two cities, and a section of Old Main Road is now the major road through the south side of Gillitts.  Off of Stockville Road – one of the other main roads in Gillitts suburb – a large ethnic Indian population lives, and over the traditional Indian festivals, fireworks are very prominent as part of their celebrations, especially over Diwali and New Years.  On the northern side of the M13, known as Gillitts Park, the old train line from Durban to Pietermaritzburg winds through the residential areas. This train line is no longer in regular use, and is only used by the Umgeni Steam Railway, who runs a tourist service of carriages through from Kloof Train Station to Cato Ridge on the last Sunday of every month. This train is pulled by 'Maureen', a restored Class 3BR No. 1486 steam engine built in 1912 and the sound of the train whistle echoing through the neighbourhood on a Sunday morning is a reminder of a quieter time of life.  The Gillitts Train Station on the line in the middle of Gillitts is derelict and currently not used, but is a beautiful example of 1900-era architecture. Dating back to the Boer War in the first decade of the 20th century, the train station was a stop for British soldiers transiting from Durban through to the Midland battlefields as well as returning wounded soldiers.  During the Boer War, the Gillitts family farm held a garrison of British troops, who built a small dam for water and a camp in what is now Camp Road. The dam still exists in a picturesque natural park amongst the houses on what is now Ashley Drive and contains bass, barbel and other fish species as well as supporting a variety of other waterfowl.  The Gillitts Conservancy is a very active organisation who manages the Iphithi Nature Reserve in the middle of northern Gillitts. This nature reserve is a success story. Situated in a valley between two roads, it was a stand of invader species Blue Gum trees for 50 years until 2001. The residents bordering the valley organised a committee and contracted a logger to fell the Blue Gums. As the wood was valuable as timber, the committee was paid a lump sum which it used to found the nature reserve, fence off the additional entrances and pay for the laying of paths, building of viewing decks and planting of indigenous species. Today the Iphithi Nature Reserve is a 15 Hectare stand of indigenous forest, wetland and grasslands and home to many species of birds, small mammals and even a dam has been built which is populated with fish. The walks and park benches are popular with the residents and the park is quite heavily used on weekends.  With plot sizes of minimum half-an-acre, very few cluster developments, no commercial or industrial development and this very active environmentalist population, Gillitts still houses hundreds of birds and indigenous wildlife including small buck, duiker, Iphithi and porcupine.  In the first six months of 2009, we have seen an upsurge in housebreakings in the area. Traditionally an out-of-the-way neighbourhood, Gillitts Park has been largely spared the crime problems that the rest of the country has experienced. The recent upsurge in incidents has led to the formation of a neighbourhood watch association. Called the Gillitts Park Streetwatch, this organisation is composed of residents who have contracted a service provider to provide cellphone communications links between members. By watching out for each other and working with local law enforcement, the 860-home neighbourhood saw nine arrests of housebreakers in four weeks. The crime rate has since dropped off.  Gillitts Park is a small residential suburb of Durban, South Africa.  Comprising the northern half of the suburb of Gillitts, Gillitts Park is a green belt residential area with almost no commercial development and no industrial development. In its entirety, Gillitts Park consists of about 900 homes in freehold, residential sites with a minimum plot size of 0.5 acres (2,000 m2). There are also about 200 cluster developmentunits scattered through the neighbourhood, the most prominent being Augusta Golf Estate. Situated about 30 kilometres (19 mi) inland from Durban and at an altitude of 600 metres (2,000 ft) above sea level, Gillitts Park experiences a warm year-round climate, with no frost or snow in winter and drastically reduced humidity when compared with the coastal suburbs. Commercial development is limited to home-offices, a small, single-storey office building and the Emberton Mashie Golf Course, 9-hole course as well as a driving range and coffee shop.  Having experienced an upsurge in residential housebreakings during the first half of 2009, residents banded together to form the Gillitts Park Streetwatch. This organisation is a 'Neighbourhood Watch'-type structure, with the additional function of re-creating a sense of community and maintaining the beautiful environment of the area. "
LEd;" LEd (formerly LaTeX Editor) was a freeware editor for TeX and LaTeX, built for a Microsoft Windows platform.  LEd offered a project manager, powerful editor, integrated spellchecker and thesaurus, built-in DVI viewer, descriptive hints for LaTeX commands, code complete mechanism, word wrapping, code folding, multilingual environment, and more.  LEd supported Windows 95/98/Me/NT4/2000/XP/2003 operating systems. LEd's capabilities varied according to the operating system used, e.g., Visual Styles from Windows XP. However, it worked with almost full functionality on Windows 95.  The recommended system configuration was:  LEd can be used with any TeX distribution, however its full functionality is available with a distribution based on TeXLive or MiKTeX. LEd has been tested to work correctly with:  LaTeX Editor (LEd) and all add-ons published at http://www.latexeditor.org are a copyrighted software. All rights are retained by LEd's authors: Sebastian Deorowicz and Adam Skórczyński or authors of packages distributed together with LEd.  LaTeX Editor is free software. You can redistribute it and/or modify it, but it should always carry a notice that it is a version of LaTeX Editor.  This text editor article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. 333 MHz processor, 64 MB RAM, 4 MB of disk space for the standard edition + space for projects (space occupation depends on the spellchecking and thesaurus dictionaries), Windows 2000/XP/2003 operating system. TeXLive 6, TeXLive 7, TeXLive 2003, TeXLive 2004, TeXLive 2005, MiKTeX 2.4, MiKTeX 2.5. Comparison of TeX editors Official website v t e AUCTEX GNOME LaTeX GNU TeXmacs Gummi Kile LyX Texmaker TeXnicCenter TeXShop TeXstudio TeXworks LaTeX-Editor (LEd) WinShell Scientific WorkPlace WinEdt Category Comparison v t e"
Tim Flood (baseball);" Thomas Timothy Flood  (March 13, 1877 – June 15, 1929), was a professional baseball player who played second base for the St. Louis Perfectos in 1899  and the Brooklyn Superbas from 1902 to 1903.  While playing minor league baseball in Canada in 1907, Flood was arrested for assaulting an umpire during a game and served one week in jail.[1] He was subsequently suspended from the league.[2]    This biographical article relating to an American baseball second baseman is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. St. Louis Perfectos (1899) Brooklyn Superbas (1902–1903)"
St Aldate's, Oxford;"   St Aldate's (/ˈɔːldeɪts/) is a street in central Oxford, England,[1][2] named after Saint Aldate, but formerly known as Fish Street.[3]  The street runs south from the generally acknowledged centre of Oxford at Carfax. The Town Hall, which includes the Museum of Oxford, is on the east side of the street. Christ Church, with its imposing Tom Tower, faces the east end of St Aldate's, while Pembroke College (on Pembroke Square) faces its west end. Other adjoining streets include Blue Boar Street to the east side and Pembroke Street, Pembroke Square, Brewer Street, Rose Place, and Speedwell Street to the west. St Aldate's Church is on the west side of the street, in Pembroke Square.  Opposite Christ Church is Alice's Shop, formerly frequented by Alice Liddell, and the model for the Sheep Shop in the "Wool and Water" chapter in Through the Looking-Glass.[4]  South of Christ Church is an entrance to Christ Church Meadow and, still on the east side, the University of Oxford's Faculty of Music, containing the Bate Collection of Musical Instruments, the building was opened in 1936 for St Catherine's Society. Oxford's police station (designed in 1936 by H. F. Hurcombe, the City Estates Surveyor,[1] and the Crown and County Court opposite precede a junction with Thames Street to the west. (The police station was featured in the Inspector Morse television series.)  After Folly Bridge over the River Thames or Isis, St Aldate's enters Grandpont and becomes Abingdon Road (A4144), leading directly south out of the city of Oxford towards the Oxford Ring Road and the villages of Kennington & Radley and the town of Abingdon.  The northern end of St Aldate's.  Alice's Shop on St Aldate's, opposite Christ Church.  Tom Tower and the main entrance to Christ Church, the largest Oxford college, on St Aldate's.  Oxford Town Hall on St Aldate's.  The High and Cornmarket streets intersection at the far northern end of St Aldate's.  The northern section of St Aldate's Street from near the entrance to Tom Quad beneath Tom Tower.  St Aldate's Street from the Speedwell Street entrance, adjacent to the Bate Collection of Musical Instruments in Christ Church Park.  View of St Aldate's longing north from Folly Bridge with The Head of the River public house on the right.  Looking south down St Aldate's in the snow, with Christ Church on the left.  St Aldate's Church, which gives the street its name  Coordinates: 51°45′00″N 1°15′25″W﻿ / ﻿51.75000°N 1.25694°W﻿ / 51.75000, -1.25694     The northern end of St Aldate's.       Alice's Shop on St Aldate's, opposite Christ Church.       Tom Tower and the main entrance to Christ Church, the largest Oxford college, on St Aldate's.       Oxford Town Hall on St Aldate's.       The High and Cornmarket streets intersection at the far northern end of St Aldate's.       The northern section of St Aldate's Street from near the entrance to Tom Quad beneath Tom Tower.       St Aldate's Street from the Speedwell Street entrance, adjacent to the Bate Collection of Musical Instruments in Christ Church Park.       View of St Aldate's longing north from Folly Bridge with The Head of the River public house on the right.       Looking south down St Aldate's in the snow, with Christ Church on the left.       St Aldate's Church, which gives the street its name   "
Iowa Highway 144;"   Iowa Highway 144 Iowa Highway 144 (Iowa 144) is a state highway in central Iowa. The highway has a length of 34 miles (55 km) and runs in a north–south direction.  It begins in Perry at an intersection with Iowa Highway 141, while it ends at an intersection with Iowa Highway 175 between Gowrie and Harcourt.  Iowa Highway 144 begins at Iowa Highway 141 in the southern part of Perry.  Iowa 144 heads north along First Street where it intersects Willis Avenue, a former alignment of Iowa 141 before it became an expressway.  North of Perry, Iowa 144 enters Boone County for just under 5 miles (8.0 km).[1]  The Boone County stretch of Iowa 144 is predominantly east–west, while the rest of the highway is north–south.  In Greene County, Iowa 144 turns to the northwest, along an abandoned railroad line, and goes through Rippey.  Three miles (4.8 km) northwest of Rippey, the highway turns to the north and travels another three miles to Grand Junction.[1]  At Grand Junction, Iowa 144 crosses the main Union Pacific Railroad line before intersecting U.S. Highway 30 on the northern side of town.  North of Grand Junction, Iowa 144 continues north through Dana and passes near Paton before ending at Iowa Highway 175 halfway between Gowrie and Harcourt.  Iowa Highway 144, upon creation in 1926, only went between Grand Junction and what was then Iowa Highway 47 (modern Iowa Highway 175).  In 1941 the segment south from Grand Junction to Perry was added.  In 1980, the segment in Webster County was decommissioned, but was recommissioned in 1982.  Dallas Boone Greene Webster Iowa Primary Highway System Interstate US State Secondary Scenic"
Odo II, Viscount of Porhoët;" Odo II, Count of Porhoet (died after 1180) was the son of Geoffroy, Viscount de Porhoët, and his wife Hawise (possibly Fergant). He became Duke of Brittany in 1148, jure uxoris,  upon his marriage to Bertha, Duchess of Brittany.[1]  On Bertha's death, Odo II denied her son Conan IV of Penthièvre, Duke of Brittany his inheritance.[2] While Odo II's marriage to Bertha was his first, it was her second marriage, her first being to Alain 'le Noir' de Penthièvre, Lord of Richmond (Alan, 1st Earl of Richmond).[1] Odo II allied with his brother-in-law, Hoèl, Count of Nantes. Odo II was deposed by his stepson Conan IV in 1156,[1] and taken prisoner by Conan IV's ally Raoul de Fougères.  He married secondly, in 1167, a daughter of Guihomar IV, Viscount of Léon and his wife Nobilis, sometimes identitifed by the names Eleanor or Joan by later authors[a]  Odo II had two children by Bertha:  Odo and his second wife had two children  This Brittany-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Geoffrey de Porhoët Adelaide (or Alix) of Porhoët (d. 1220). She was sent to Henry II of England's court as an hostage and was alleged by his enemies to have become his mistress. This accusation remains unclear. She later becoming Abbess of Fontevrault.[5][6] Odo III of Porhoët (died 1231). He was married, but the name of his wife is not known. Harvey or Henry of Porhoët Eleanor of Porhoët, wife of Conan of Penthièvre, de La Roche-Derrien, son of Henry of Penthièvre, Count of Tréguier and Guingamp, and Mathilde de Vendôme. maybe Alice of Porhoët, who married into the Mauvoisin family[7]"
Poble Espanyol;" The Poble Espanyol (literally, Spanish town) is an open-air architectural museum in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain, approximately 400 metres away from the Fountains of Montjuïc. Built for the 1929 Barcelona International Exposition, the museum consists of 117 full-scale buildings replicated from different places in the Iberian Peninsula, joined forming a small town recreating urban atmospheres of disparate places in Spain. It also contains a theater, restaurants, artisan workshops and a museum of contemporary art.  The museum was built for the 1929 Barcelona International Exposition as an exhibit of the architecture and townscapes found in different places of the Iberian Peninsula, mostly from Spain. The idea was promoted by the Catalan architect Puig i Cadafalch and the project was realized by architects Francesc Folguera [ca] and Ramon Reventós [ca], art critic and painter Miquel Utrillo and painter Xavier Nogués [ca].  The four professionals visited over 600,000 sites to collect examples as an attempt to synthesize characteristics that might be attributed to the Iberian Peninsula.[1] In reality, though, this sort of patched-up ensemble is proof of the wide variety, and therefore the utmost impossibility, to fulfill its claim to be a ‘Spanish’ Town, because there is not a unified style or solid common treats shared among the different cultures that form Spain.  Francesc Folguera - architect Ramon Reventós - architect Miquel Utrillo - art critic Xavier Nogués - painter"
Southport and Ainsdale Golf Club;"   Southport and Ainsdale Golf Club is an 18-hole championship golf course in North West England, situated near the Merseyside (formerly Lancashire) towns of Southport and Ainsdale, north of Liverpool. The course is near the coast of the Irish Sea, set amongst ranges of tall sandhills and smaller sand dunes, just south of Royal Birkdale Golf Club.  Founded 116 years ago in 1906, the club hosted the Ryder Cup in 1933 and 1937.[1][2][3][4] It has also staged many other notable tournaments, including the 2005 Amateur Championship with Royal Birkdale, the 2018 Bearfight Invitational, and is on the roster for Final Qualifying tournaments for The Open Championship. As of 2019, the club professional is former European Tour golfer Jim Payne.[5]  This article related to a golf club or course in England is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
The Other F Word;" The Other F Word is a 2011 American documentary film directed by independent filmmaker Andrea Blaugrund Nevins. The film explores the world of aging punk rock musicians, as they transition into parents and try to maintain the contrast between their anti-authoritarian lifestyle with the responsibilities of fatherhood, the titular "other F word". In addition to interviewing over twenty musicians[1] from across the spectrum of the punk genre, including Mark Hoppus of Blink 182  and Fat Mike of NOFX,  the film also includes other emblematic figures of subculture such as professional skateboarder Tony Hawk, in a chronicle of the struggles and rewards that accompany raising their children.  It was released in the U.S. by Oscilloscope Laboratories in 2011.  Primarily rotating around interviews of Pennywise lead singer Jim Lindberg, the documentary intermittently switches amongst different musicians, as it jumps between their travels on the road doing concert tours and time spent at home with their kids. In the course of the movie, the interviews are interspersed with archived concert footage of the punk rockers, from recent shows as well as their early years, to depict some of the challenges they face in their roles as parents - while at the same time maintaining their roles as anti-establishment figures for their punk rock fan following. Remarking that their adolescence often lacked much in the way of paternal guidance,[2] the interviewees speak of how they earnestly are trying to be the supportive role models for their kids, that they themselves never had while growing up.  Featured interviews with  The film's first-time director Nevins, initially conceived of the idea for the documentary after reading a book by Jim Lindberg called "Punk Rock Dad",[2] that explored his own feelings of being the raucous punk rocker of his band Pennywise, while at the same time raising kids. Thinking of the punk rock and fatherhood combination as a "fun oxymoron", Nevins originally believed the film would be in the spirit of a comedy, but after realizing how layered and heartfelt the experiences of the men she interviewed really were, the direction of the film changed significantly. The relatively low-cost budget of the film was maintained by the use of its inexpensive camera work and a soundtrack that features most of the artists interviewed throughout the film.  The Other F Word garnered $53,200 in gross earnings, bringing in $13,286 with its opening weekend premiere in two theaters.  The documentary received generally positive reviews from critics, with Jeanette Catsoulis of The New York Times describing it as "a compelling and often touching peek at punk paternity"[3] and Joe Heim of The Washington Post praising the film's dual nature as "beautifully shot and requisitely gritty."[4] Rotten Tomatoes lists twenty-two fresh reviews of the film giving it a 76% overall rating.[5]  The 2011 South by Southwest film festival nominated The Other F Word for its "Films Presented" award.  November 6, 2011 (2011-11-06) Tony Cadena - The Adolescents Art Alexakis - Everclear Rob Chaos - Total Chaos Joe Escalante - The Vandals Josh Freese - Session Drummer Fat Mike - NOFX Flea - Red Hot Chili Peppers Lars Frederiksen - Rancid Matt Freeman - Rancid Jack Grisham - TSOL Brett Gurewitz - Bad Religion Tony Hawk - Pro Skater Greg Hetson - Bad Religion, Circle Jerks Mark Hoppus - blink-182 Jim Lindberg - Pennywise Mike McDermott - Bouncing Souls Tim McIlrath - Rise Against Mark Mothersbaugh - Devo Duane Peters - U.S. Bombs Joe Sib - SideOneDummy Records Ron Reyes - Black Flag Rick Thorne - BMX Rider"
John Michael Ogidi;" John Michael Ogidi is a retired Nigerian Army major general. He was Defence Adviser of the Nigeria High Commission in the United Kingdom from March 2012 to March 2015 and until his retirement in July 2015, he was the Commander Corps of Signal Headquarters Nigerian Army Signals.  Ogidi was born on 8 December 1959 in Ayibabiri Bayelsa State, Nigeria. He attended BDGS Yenagoa secondary school from 1973 to 1977 when he attained his school certificate. He was admitted into the Nigerian Defence Academy as a member of the 26 Regular combatant course on 18 June 1979 and was commissioned as a second lieutenant into the corps of the Nigerian Army Signals on 18 December 1982. He obtained a bachelor's degree in Electronic and Telecom engineering from Obafemi Awolowo University(OAU) Ile Ife and a Masters of Science (M.Sc) degree in Strategic Studies from University of Ibadan.  Major General Ogidi served at different levels in the Nigeria Army.[1] He undertook several courses including the Junior and Senior Staff course at the Armed Forces Command and Staff College, Jaji and National Defence College Course 16 Abuja.  He served as the Instructor of Nigeria Army School of Signals Lagos, Commanding Officer of the 541 Brigade Signals, Commander of the 56 Signals Operational command, Commander of the 59 division signals, Deputy Director Electronic Protection Measures (DDEPM) of the department of communications, Commandant of the Nigerian Army School of Signals, the Defence Adviser of the Nigeria high commission London, United Kingdom[2] and Commander of Corps Signals, Nigerian Army Signals.  He has been the recipient of several medals including OP Liberty (ECOMOG) Medal, OP Harmoney IV (Bakassi) Medal and UNAVEM III (Angola) Medal. He has also received several designations from the Nigerian Army including the Meritorious Service Star (MSS), Force Service Star (FSS), Passed Staff College Dagger (psc(+)) Grand Service Star Award (GSS), Fellow Defence College (FDC), the Distinguished Service Star (DSS) and award of Corps Medal of Honor (CMH).  He is married to Helen Ogidi, with whom he has three kids.[3] "
Michelle Ward;"   Michelle Ward (born 1976) is a female former British international track and road racing cyclist.[1]  Ward became British champion in 1997 after winning the British National Scratch Championships at the 1997 British National Track Championships.  She represented England in the points race on the track, at the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.[2][3][4]  1st Scratch, 1997 British National Track Championships 2nd Sprint, 1997 British National Track Championships 2nd Points, 1997 British National Track Championships 3rd Time Trial, 1997 British National Track Championships 2nd Pursuit, 1998 British National Track Championships 3rd Points, 1998 British National Track Championships 2nd Points, 1999 British National Track Championships"
Statewide opinion polling for the March 2008 Democratic Party presidential primaries;" This article is a collection of statewide public opinion polls that have been conducted relating to the March Democratic presidential primaries, 2008.  Mississippi winner: Barack Obama Format: Primary see: Mississippi Democratic primary, 2008 Date: 11 March 2008 Delegates At Stake 33 Delegates Won To be determined  Sample Size: 600 LV Margin of Error: ± 4%  Sample Size: 338 Margin of Error: ± 6%  Sample Size: 412 Margin of Error: ± 5%  Sample Size: 600 LV Margin of Error: ± 4%  Sample Size: 816 LV Margin of Error: ± 4%  Ohio winner: Hillary Clinton Format: Primary see: Ohio Democratic primary, 2008 Date: March 4, 2008 Delegates At Stake 141 Delegates Won To be determined  Sample Size: 600 Margin of Error: ±4%  Sample Size: 828 Margin of Error: ±3.4%  Sample Size: 858 Margin of Error: ±3%  Sample Size: 873 Margin of Error: ±3.4%  Sample Size: 1112 Margin of Error: ±2.9%  Sample Size: 400  Sample Size: 761 Margin of Error: ±3.6%  Sample Size: 624 Margin of Error: ±3.9%  Sample Size: 799 Margin of Error: ±3.5%  Sample Size: 600 Margin of Error: ±4%  Sample Size: 746 Margin of Error: ± 3.7%  Sample Size: 625 Margin of Error: ± 4%  Sample Size: 701 Margin of Error: ± 3.8%  Sample Size: 2,308 Margin of Error:  Sample Size: 851 Margin of Error: ± 3.8%  Sample Size: 600 Margin of Error: ±4%  Sample Size: 708 Margin of Error: ± 3%  Sample Size: 862 Margin of Error: ± 3.8%  Sample Size: 790  Margin of Error: ±3.6%  Sample Size: 600 Margin of Error: ±4%  Sample Size: 600 Margin of Error: ±4%  Sample Size: 529 Margin of Error: ±4.3%  Sample Size: 741 Margin of Error: ±3.6%  Sample Size: 735 Margin of Error: ± 3%  Sample Size: 902 Margin of Error: ± 3%  Sample Size: 611 Margin of Error: ± 4%  Sample Size: 733 LV Margin of Error: ±3.7%  Sample Size: 754 LV Margin of Error: ±4%  Sample Size: 564 Margin of Error: ±4.1%  Sample Size: 720 Margin of Error: ±3.7%  Sample Size: 2,156 Margin of Error: ±2%  Sample Size: 800  Sample Size: 436 Margin of Error: ± 4.7%  Rhode Island winner: Hillary Clinton Format: Primary see: Rhode Island Democratic primary, 2008 Date: March 4, 2008 Delegates At Stake 21 Delegates Won To be determinedSee also [1]  Sampling Size: 402 Margin of Error: ±4.88%  Sample Size: 401 Margin of Error: ± 5%  Sample Size: 1,035 Margin of Error: ± 3.5%  Sample Size: 600 Margin of Error: ± 4%  Sampling Size: 474 Margin of Error: ±5%  Sampling Size: 380 Margin of Error: ±5%  Sampling Size: 341 Margin of Error: ±6%  Texas winner: Unclear (see Texas Democratic primary and caucuses, 2008 for details) Format: Primary-Caucus Hybrid see: Texas Democratic primary and caucuses, 2008 Date: March 4, 2008 Delegates At Stake 193 Delegates Won To be determinedSee also [2]  Sample Size: 600 Margin of Error: ±4%  Sample Size: 855 Margin of Error: ±3.4%  Sample Size: 609  Sample Size: 858 Margin of Error: ±3%  Sample Size: 840 Margin of Error: ±3.5%  Sample Size: 755 Margin of Error: ± 3.6%  Sample Size: 748 Margin of Error: ± 3.7%  Sample Size: 1162 Margin of Error: ± 2.9%  Sample Size: 600 Margin of Error: ± 4%  Sample Size: 730 LV Margin of Error: ± 3.6%  Sample Size: 736 LV Margin of Error: ± 3.7%  Sample Size: 625 Margin of Error: ± 4%  Sample Size: 708 Margin of Error: ± 3.8%  Sample Size: 591  Sample Size: 600 Margin of Error: ± 4%  Sample Size: 704 Margin of Error: ± 3.8%  Sample Size: 600 Margin of Error: ± 4%  Sample Size: 503 Margin of Error: ± 4%  Sample Size: 735Margin of Error: ±3.6%  Sample Size: 592  Sample Size: 704 Margin of Error: ± 3.8%  Sample Size: 646 Margin of Error: ± 4%  Sample Size: 434 Margin of Error: ± 4.7%  Sample Size: 600 Margin of Error: ± 4%  Sample Size: 861 Margin of Error: ± 3.5%  Sample Size: 678 Margin of Error: ± 3%  Sample Size: 603 Margin of Error: ± 4%  Sample Size: 549 Margin of Error: ± 4%  Sample Size: 1340 Margin of Error: ± 4%  Sample Size: 582 LV Margin of Error: ± 4.1%  Sample Size: 660 LV Margin of Error: ± 3.9%  Sample Size: 529 LV Margin of Error: ± 4.5%  Sample Size: 403 LV Margin of Error: ± 5%  Sample Size: 577 LV Margin of Error: ± 4%  Sample Size: 600 LV Margin of Error: ± 4%  Sample Size: 400 Margin of Error: ± 4.9%  Sample Size: 534 Margin of Error: ± 4.3%  Sample Size: 564 Margin of Error: ± 4.1%  Sample Size: 510 Margin of Error: ± 4.3%  Vermont winner: Barack Obama Format: Primary see: Vermont Democratic primary, 2008 Date: March 4, 2008 Delegates At Stake 15 Delegates Won To be determinedSee also [3]  Sample Size: 1,013 Margin of Error: ± 3%  Sample Size: 600 Margin of Error: ± 4%  2008 Democratic National Convention Website-FAQ gives map with delegation information. USAElectionPolls.com – Primary polling by state v t e 2008 United States elections Candidates Comparison Debates Congressional endorsements Fundraising Ballot access Timeline Super Tuesday Potomac primary Super Tuesday II Polls national statewide international national statewide international Convention superdelegates superdelegates Polls statewide national statewide national Debates Primaries Primary results VP candidate selection Nominee: Barack Obama campaign positions endorsements cross-party campaign positions endorsements cross-party cross-party VP nominee: Joe Biden positions positions Other candidates: Evan Bayh campaign campaign Joe Biden campaign positions campaign positions Hillary Clinton campaign positions endorsements campaign positions endorsements Chris Dodd campaign campaign John Edwards campaign positions campaign positions Mike Gravel campaign campaign Dennis Kucinich campaign campaign Bill Richardson campaign campaign Tom Vilsack campaign campaign Convention Polls statewide national statewide national Debates Political positions Primaries Primary results VP candidate selection Nominee: John McCain campaign positions endorsements cross-party campaign positions endorsements cross-party cross-party VP nominee: Sarah Palin candidacy positions candidacy positions Other candidates: Sam Brownback campaign campaign John H. Cox Jim Gilmore campaign campaign Rudy Giuliani campaign positions campaign positions Mike Huckabee campaign positions campaign positions Duncan L. Hunter campaign campaign Alan Keyes campaign campaign Ray McKinney Ron Paul campaign positions campaign positions Mitt Romney campaign positions campaign positions Tom Tancredo campaign campaign Fred Thompson campaign campaign Tommy Thompson campaign campaign Democratic: Al Gore Mark Warner movement movement Republican: Newt Gingrich Condoleezza Rice movement movement Independent: Michael Bloomberg movement movement Nominee: Chuck Baldwin campaign campaign VP nominee: Darrell Castle Other candidates: Daniel Imperato Alan Keyes campaign campaign Nominee: Cynthia McKinney campaign positions campaign positions VP nominee: Rosa Clemente Other candidates: Elaine Brown Jesse Johnson Kent Mesplay Kat Swift Nominee: Bob Barr campaign positions campaign positions VP nominee: Wayne Allyn Root Other candidates: Mike Gravel campaign campaign Daniel Imperato Steve Kubby Wayne Allyn Root Mary Ruwart Doug Stanhope Nominee: Alan Keyes campaign campaign VP nominee: Brian Rohrbough Nominee: Charles Jay Nominee: Tom Stevens Nominee: Ralph Nader campaign campaign VP nominee: Matt Gonzalez Other candidates: Gloria La Riva Cynthia McKinney campaign campaign Brian Moore campaign campaign Nominee: Gene Amondson Nominee: Ted Weill VP nominee: Frank McEnulty Nominee: Gloria La Riva VP nominee: Eugene Puryear Nominee: Brian Moore campaign campaign VP nominee: Stewart Alexander Other candidates: Eric Chester Nominee: Róger Calero Alternate nominee: James Harris VP nominee: Alyson Kennedy Jeff Boss Stephen Colbert campaign campaign Earl Dodge Bradford Lyttle Frank Moore Joe Schriner Jonathon Sharkey Other 2008 elections: House Senate Gubernatorial v t e 2004 2008 2012 2016 2020 2024 2008 2012 2016 2020 Conservative Political Action Conference Iowa State Fair (defunct: Ames, Iowa Texas) Iowa caucuses New Hampshire primary Nevada caucuses South Carolina primary Super Tuesday 1912 1916 1920 1924 1928 1932 1936 1940 1944 1948 1952 1956 1960 1964 1968 1972 1976 1980 1984 1988 1992 1996 2000 2004 2008 2012 2016 2020 2024 1912 1916 1920 1924 1928 1932 1936 1940 1944 1948 1952 1956 1960 1964 1968 1972 1976 1980 1984 1988 1992 1996 2000 2004 2008 2012 2016 2020 2024 2004 2008 2012 2016 2020 2008 2012 2016 2020 1996 2000 2004 2008 2012 2016 2020 2016 2020 1832 1835 1840 1844 1848 1852 1856 1860 1864 1868 1872 1876 1880 1884 1888 1892 1896 1900 1904 1908 1912 1916 1920 1924 1928 1932 1936 1940 1944 1948 1952 1956 1960 1964 1968 1972 1976 1980 1984 1988 1992 1996 2000 2004 2008 2012 2016 2020 2024 1856 1860 1864 1868 1872 1876 1880 1884 1888 1892 1896 1900 1904 1908 1912 1916 1920 1924 1928 1932 1936 1940 1944 1948 1952 1956 1960 1964 1968 1972 1976 1980 1984 1988 1992 1996 2000 2004 2008 2012 2016 2020 2024 1983 1987 1991 1996 2000 2004 2008 2010 2012 2014 2016 2020 2000 2004 2008 2012 2016 2020 1839 1844 1848 1852 1856 1876 1880 1884 1888 1892 1896 1900 • 1904 • 1908 1912 1916 1920 1924 1948 1952 California Democratic Party v. Jones Graduated Random Presidential Primary System Delaware Plan Rotating Regional Primary System Interregional Primary Plan National Primary"
Equestrian at the 2008 Summer Olympics;"   Equestrian competitions at the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics were held from 9 August to 21 August at the Hong Kong Sports Institute and Sheung Yue River in Hong Kong. It was the second time that the equestrian events were hosted by a member of the IOC other than the member hosting the main games (although this time the events were technically held in the same country as the main games). Unlike 1956, however, the equestrian events were part of the main games, and were held within the same period.[1]  6 sets of medals were awarded in the following events:  Each event has its own qualification rules, but generally rely on FEI rankings.  For the team competition there were a total of 10 quota spots and as many composite as qualify.  Three team spots were awarded at the 2006 FEI World Equestrian Games.  In addition 7 team spots were awarded at regional competitions (Europe: 3, Americas: 2, Asia: 2).  In addition, should a country have three athletes qualified in the individual competition, they will be considered a team and allowed to compete as a composite team.  Five teams qualified under this scheme.  For the individual competition, 50 spots were allocated as follows.  Thirty spots were awarded to the athletes who qualified as teams above.  In addition, the highest ranked rider from each of seven geographic regions and the host nation qualify.  Then the top twelve riders based on rank FEI rank who had not otherwise qualified are given spots.  A country may send up to five riders if it qualified for the team competition, two otherwise.  Similar to Dressage, teams of five riders were qualified at either the World Equestrian Games, a region competition, or through a composite spot.  The WEG awarded five spots, the regions eight (Americas: 2, Europe: 2, Asia: 4), and two composite teams qualified.  For the individual competition there were a total of 73 spot allocated as follows: 45 team member, 1 host nation, 7 regional, and 22 at-large.  Appointment of officials was as follows:[2]  All times are Hong Kong Time (UTC+8).  The equestrian competitions were held apart from the main games in Hong Kong, which is a separate member to the IOC. This was because Hong Kong has established a huge horse racing industry. Additionally, there were already some stabling sites for horses within Hong Kong, hence less construction was needed to facilitate the equestrian sports required by the Olympics.  There were two main equestrian venues: Hong Kong Sports Institute (adjacent to Sha Tin Racecourse) and the Beas River Country Club. The Sports Institute held the main competition arena, which included an 80 × 100 meter stadium will all-weather footing and seating for 18,000. The Beas River Country Club was the site of the cross-country phase of eventing, which was held on the golf course.  Hong Kong is known to have hot and humid weather with typhoons being common.[3]  This includes a mean air temperature of 28.4 °C (83.1 °F) with 82% humidity, making it even more inclement than Athens (mean temperature of 27.6 °C (81.6 °F), humidity 48%) and Atlanta (26 °C (78 °F), 75% humidity).  Some competitors made it clear that they believed that it would be unfair to work their horses in such weather. Swiss dressage rider Sylvia Ikle was one such rider,[4] and the Swiss decided not to send a dressage team because they would have had little chance of success without her.[5]  To combat the heat, the horses were transported from the airport in Hong Kong to the stabling facilities in air-conditioned vans. The stables are all air-conditioned as well, at a temperature of 20 °C (68 °F). For the first time in history, there was also an indoor arena for training that was also air-conditioned. Misting fans were placed under tents at both venues to cool off horses that worked outside. There were also vast quantities of ice water available. There was a veterinary clinic on site, which tested the horses' urine several times to ensure they were all properly hydrated.  The cross-country course was also designed with a shorter, alternate route to be used if the heat and humidity warranted it. The show jumping was held under lights at night to avoid the heat. The footing is made of high tensile fibers and quartz sand, which has a great ability to absorb water, so that any rain should have minimal effect on the footing used for dressage and show jumping competitions.  The show jumping courses (both Grand Prix and the eventing stadium phase) were designed by Leopoldo Palacios of Venezuela and Steve Stephens of the USA. Michael Etherington-Smith of Great Britain designed the cross-country course.  More than 200 horses from 41 nations competed.  View a machine-translated version of the Chinese article. Machine translation, like DeepL or Google Translate, is a useful starting point for translations, but translators must revise errors as necessary and confirm that the translation is accurate, rather than simply copy-pasting machine-translated text into the English Wikipedia. Do not translate text that appears unreliable or low-quality. If possible, verify the text with references provided in the foreign-language article. You must provide copyright attribution in the edit summary accompanying your translation by providing an interlanguage link to the source of your translation. A model attribution edit summary is Content in this edit is translated from the existing Chinese Wikipedia article at [[:zh:2008年夏季奧林匹克運動會馬術比賽]], see its history for attribution. You should also add the template {{Translated|zh|2008年夏季奧林匹克運動會馬術比賽}} to the talk page. For more guidance, see Wikipedia:Translation. v t e individual dressage team dressage individual jumping team jumping individual eventing team eventing  Gotthilf Riexinger (Ground Jury President)  Jean-Michel Roudier (Ground Jury Member)  Ghislain Fouarge (Ground Jury Member)  Leif Törnblad (Ground Jury Member)  Gary Rockwell (Ground Jury Member)  Minako Furuoka-Hashimoto (Ground Jury Member)  Barnabas Mandi (Ground Jury Member)  Mariëtte Withages (Technical Delegate) Hanno Dohn (Ground Jury President)  David M. Distler (Ground Jury Member)  Jean-Loup Caplain (Ground Jury Member)  Chang Kyoo Yang (Ground Jury Member)  Olaf Petersen (Technical Delegate)  Martin Plewa (Ground Jury President)  Marilyn Payne (Ground Jury Member)  Christian Landolt (Ground Jury Member)  Giuseppe Della Chiesa (Technical Delegate)  Andrew Griffiths (Technical Delegate Assistant) Dressage: 13 teams of 3 riders each, and 10 individuals. Eventing: 5 riders per team, with only 3 scores counting. Equestrian at the 2008 Summer Paralympics"
1996 UEFA European Under-16 Championship squads;" Below are the rosters for the UEFA European Under-16 Football Championship 1996 tournament in Austria.  Head coach:   Head coach:  Edward Klejndinst   Head coach:   Head coach:   Head coach:   Head coach:  Head coach:  Head coach:  Head coach:  Martin Novoselac   Head coach:   Head coach:  Juan Santisteban   Head coach:   Head coach:   Head coach:  Head coach:  Head coach:   "
Safed Dara;" Safed Dara (Russian: Caфeд-Дapa, Tajik: Caфeд Дapa — formerly Takob (Taкoб)) is a ski resort located in the Region of Republican Subordination (a region in Tajikistan), on the Safedorak Plateau (part of the Pamir Mountains), at heights from 2,100 metres (6,890 feet) up to 3,000 metres (9,842 feet) above sea level, 50 km (31.07 mi) north of Dushanbe.[1] In 2015, the Takob ski resort was renovated and a new name was given: Safed Dara (it means white valley). The old soviet-era hotel has been completely renovated and reopened on 7 January 2016. The two T-bar lifts of 1000 meters each are in working order. A new childrens park has also been opened with a new baby-lift.  Ski and snowboard equipment, snow tubes and sledges can be rented directly at the ski resort.  Coordinates: 38°50′28″N 68°55′49″E﻿ / ﻿38.84111°N 68.93028°E﻿ / 38.84111, 68.93028    This Tajikistan location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Elmo Gideon;" Elmo Clifford Gideon (January 11, 1924 – December 21, 2010) was an American painter and sculptor of the 20th and 21st centuries.  Thursday, April 12, 2001, was declared “Gideon Day” with an official Proclamation by the Miami-Dade County Office of the Mayor and Board of County Commissioners.[1]    This article about an American sculptor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This article about a painter from the United States born in the 1920s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Black River and St. Lawrence Railway;" The Black River and St. Lawrence Railway was a historic railroad in New York.[1]  Its history can be traced to 1866 when George Gilbert of Carthage, New York received a charter to build a railroad from Carthage in Jefferson County to the Oswegatchie River, at or near Harrisville, in Lewis County.  Preliminary surveys began in the fall of 1866.  It was incorporated on June 30, 1868.[2]  The company was organized as the Black River and St. Lawrence Railway. Construction was contracted to the Row, Fields & Co., of Brockville, Ontario. Construction began on April 29, 1869 and continued through October, and resumed in 1870. Iron was quite expensive at the time, and the railroad was constructed with wooden rails. In 1882, The New York state Railway Commission report noted that the railway was not in operation, and that the original wooden rails had been removed.[2]  Its locomotive was a 16-ton 0-4-0 w/4 wheel tender built September 1869 by the Smith & Porter Locomotive Works in Pittsburgh, Penna. c/n 50. It burned wood and had fancy (possibly gold & white) striping around the red tender tank which carried the name "PIONEER" on its sides. "B.R.& St.L.R.R." was lettered in the fancy elongated oval panel under the cab window. The stack was of a funnel shape. The tender had a 120" frame with a 112" tank and 33" wheels for wood rails, and arrived in August 1869. There is a builder photo in the Harold K. Vollrath Collection.  The company was reorganized as the Carthage and Adirondack Railway in the spring of 1883 after a mine owner in Jayville acquired the Black River and St. Lawrence Railway. He planned to extend the rails from Little River in St. Lawrence County to Jayville. Construction of the extension was completed in 1889. "
James Marshall Tory;" James Marshall "Jim" Tory (March 7, 1930[1] – August 19, 2013) was a Toronto corporate lawyer and twin brother to the late John A. Tory.  Tory was born in Toronto, Ontario, to John S. D. Tory, a lawyer, and Jean Tory (née Arnold). He had an older sister, Virginia, and a fraternal twin brother, John Arnold Tory.[1]  Tory and his brother, John, graduated from the University of Toronto Schools in 1946 at the age of 16. They attended Phillips Academy Andover for two years before enrolling at the University of Toronto. Tory was an undergraduate student for two years before he switched streams to attend  the University of Toronto Faculty of Law in 1949.[2] He graduated in 1952, where he was the Gold Medallist in its first graduating class.[3] Tory completed two years of additional training at Osgoode Hall, and with his brother, they joined their father’s firm at the age of 24.[2]  Tory and his brother John were members of the firm of Torys, founded by their father John Stewart Donald Tory. He was admitted to the Ontario Bar in 1954, when he joined the family firm Torys. Prior to his passing, he was Chair Emeritus and Senior Counsel of Torys.  He was active on community boards and served as chairman of the board of the Hospital for Sick Children and of the Hospital for Sick Children Foundation.[4]  Tory was married to Marilyn Tory (née Yorath), whom he met at the University of Toronto.[2] They had five children[3] Marilyn died in 1999, their son, David, died of brain cancer in 2006.[2]:   Martha Tory James C. Tory (Jim Tory Jr.) is a corporate lawyer Suzanne Tory David Thomas Tory Richard Tory is an executive with Morgan Stanley Canada"
Metz Brewery;" The Metz Brothers Brewing Company was among the first brewers in the U.S. state of Nebraska, having been established in the city of Omaha in 1859.[1] It was among the earliest manufacturers in the city. After originally opening as the McCumbe Brewery, the facility was sold several times until brothers Frederick and Philip  Metz purchased it in 1861.[2] Metz was one of the "Big 4" brewers located in Omaha, which also included the Krug, Willow Springs and Storz breweries.[3]  In 1880 the Metz Brewery was located at 1717 South 3rd Street, and was producing 12,400 barrels (390,600 gallons) per year. Later the facility moved to 209 Hickory Street into the former Willow Springs Distilling Company facility. Considered to be modern for the time, the facilities sat on an entire city block. Early brewing equipment included three cooling vaults, two of which were 20 feet wide by 75 feet long, and one smaller vault, being 20 feet wide by 30 feet long. The ice rooms immediately above were of the same dimensions. The mash tun and brewing kettle each had a capacity for holding one hundred 31.5-gallon barrels. Barns for the delivery horses were also located on site. The brewery was said to have "no equal in the country."[2]  The Metz brothers also ran the Metz Brothers Beer Hall, located on 510 South Tenth Street. Beer was supplied in barrels transported by horse-drawn cart from the main brewery.[4]  The Metz Brewery closed because of the Prohibition.[5] The facility was sold to an agriculture company in 1920.[4] The label was brewed until 1961[6] by the Walter Brewing Company of Pueblo, Colorado.  This beer or brewery-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. History of Omaha Economics of Omaha List of defunct consumer brands"
Fort Atkinson (Nebraska);"   Fort Atkinson was the first United States Army post to be established west of the Missouri River in the unorganized region of the Louisiana Purchase of the United States. Located just east of present-day Fort Calhoun, Nebraska, the fort was erected in 1819 and abandoned in 1827. The site is now known as Fort Atkinson State Historical Park and is a National Historic Landmark. A replica fort was constructed by the state at the site during the 1980s–1990s.[4]  The post, which included soldiers, traders, trappers, and other frontier people, has been credited by the Nebraska State Legislature as the first town in Nebraska. Founded almost 30 years before the creation of the Nebraska Territory, Fort Atkinson had more than 1,000 residents. It included a brickyard, lime kiln, stone quarry, grist mill, saw mill, and cooper shop.[5]  The site that would become Fort Atkinson was the Council Bluff (not to be confused with Council Bluffs, Iowa, 20 miles to the south), which was the site of an 1804 council between the Lewis and Clark Expedition and members of the Oto and Missouria Native American tribes.  William Clark recommended the high bluff overlooking the Missouri River to the United States government as a suitable location to build a fort.[4]  Fifteen years later, in 1819, President James Monroe dispatched a military expedition (the Yellowstone Expedition, led by Colonel Henry Atkinson) to establish a series of forts along the Missouri. These forts were to support the American fur trade and counteract British influence on the northern plains. The 6th US Infantry and 1st Rifle Regiments made up the military portion of the expedition, which arrived at the Council Bluff site on September 19. Their establishment of Fort Atkinson made it the first major American fort west of the Missouri River. It was located near Fort Lisa and Cabanne's Trading Post, private fur trading establishments operated by major traders who were based in St. Louis, Missouri.[6]  The expedition stopped to build Cantonment Missouri, a winter camp along the river bottom below the bluffs. Abandoning plans to establish more forts upstream, the soldiers settled in for winter. The winter of 1819–20 was very harsh, a shortfall of government contractors left the garrison without sufficient supplies.  The soldiers suffered widespread scurvy (due to poor nutrition and lack of vitamin C), which claimed the lives of over 200 of the 1,120 men that first winter. Estimates of the civilian deaths is possibly as high as double the military dead, no records were kept of their losses.[6]  In the spring of 1820, the Missouri River flooded Cantonment Missouri.  The soldiers built a permanent camp atop Council Bluff, and renamed it Fort Atkinson.  The site was designated on US Federal Government maps as "Fort Calhoun" in honor of the Secretary of War, John C. Calhoun, however the US Army named the actual encampment after its first commander.[6] During the 1820s, soldiers took meteorological observations as research for the government.  The garrison was involved in combat only in 1823.  Members of the Arikara tribe attacked a trading party led by William H. Ashley along the Missouri River in present-day South Dakota.  Soldiers from the fort retaliated by attacking the Arikara villages. Although no American soldiers died in the brief skirmish, seven soldiers drowned on the way upriver when their keelboat struck a log.  They were counted as the first United States' casualties in the Indian Wars on the Great Plains.[7]  In 1827, the Army abandoned the fort at Council Bluff and reassigned its personnel to other locations, primarily Fort Leavenworth.  When the Mormons established Cutler's Park in the North Omaha area in 1846, some of their food for the harsh winter was provided from old provisions they found at the fort. By the 1850s, when widespread European-American settlement began in the area, little remained of the fort.  In the 1950s, Nebraska State Historical Society archeological crews determined the locations of buildings at the Fort Atkinson site.  The Nebraska Game and Parks Commission gained title to the site in 1963.[4] During the 1980s and 1990s, it reconstructed the fort.  Today, Fort Atkinson is a Nebraska state historical park, which includes a military museum.  It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1961.[8]  Living history demonstrations take place on the first weekend of each month from May to October.  In addition to people demonstrating craft work and the duties of the Indian agent, military re-enactors interpret the activities of the Sixth Regiment of United States Infantry and First Regiment of United States Riflemen.  Engineer Cantonment Fort Lisa Cabanne's Trading Post Winter Quarters Washington County Historical Association National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington County, Nebraska"
Juaben (Ghana parliament constituency);" Juaben is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana. It was created out of the Ejisu-Juaben Constituency in 2012. Juaben is located in the Ejisu-Juaben Municipal District  of the Ashanti Region of Ghana.[2]    List of Ghana Parliament constituencies"
Sekidera Komachi;" Sekidera Komachi (関寺小町, Komachi at Sekidera) is a famous Noh play of the third category (plays about women) by Zeami Motokiyo. Its central character is a real life figure, the great 9th-century poet Ono no Komachi, who was also famed for her beauty.  The play depicts Komachi at the end of her life, when her beauty has faded and she is living in great poverty. On the evening of the seventh day of the seventh month, during the Festival of Stars, the Abbot of Sekidera visits her in her hut, taking two priests and a child, so that they can hear her talk about poetry. During the course of their conversation, the abbot realizes her identity and is astonished and delighted. He invites her to come with them to the festival, but she declines.  The child dances part of a gagaku dance for her, the Manzairaku. Inspired, she starts to dance herself, and continues to do so until dawn. In the dawn light she ponders the transience of life, and her irrational shame at what she has become, which Zeami tragically underscores by setting the action during the Tanabata festival, which celebrates two young lovers.  The temple of Sekidera still exists, it is now called Chōanji, and can be found in the city of Ōtsu, Shiga.  Donald Keene, ed. Twenty Plays of the Nō Theater. Columbia University Press, New York, 1970."
Zennor Head;"   Zennor Head /ˈzɛnʊər hɛd/ is a 750-metre (2,460 ft) long promontory on the Cornish coast of England, between Pendour Cove and Porthzennor Cove. Facing the Atlantic Ocean, it lies 1 kilometre north-west of the village of Zennor and 1.6 kilometres east of the next promontory, Gurnard's Head. The granite (Killas) cliffs rise over 200 feet (60 m) from the sea and the highest point of the headland is 314 feet (96 m) above sea level, with an Ordnance Survey triangulation station. Zennor Head is on the South West Coast Path, which follows the cliff edge closely, skirting the entire perimeter of the headland. The promontory is part of the Penwith Heritage Coast, and is the largest coastal feature in the United Kingdom that begins with the letter "Z". It gets its name from a local saint, Senara. Zennor Head was mined for copper and tin in the Victorian Era. There is no longer any residential or commercial occupancy on the headland, but it is occupied by a variety of coastal animals and plants, such as kestrels and gorse.  The name "Zennor Head" originates from the name of a local saint, Senara. According to local legend, Senara was thrown off a headland in Brittany in a barrel after being falsely accused of adultery by her husband and washed up on the Cornish coast, founding Zennor and giving her name to the eponymous village (and subsequently Zennor Head, Zennor Quoit and Porthzennor Cove), before continuing to Ireland.[1][2] The "s" changed to a "z", an occurrence common in the West Country but rare elsewhere, and as such is the largest coastal feature in the United Kingdom to begin with the letter "Z".[1]  The headland is bordered by Cornish granite hedges, and the farming system dates from about 4000 BC, the time of the Bronze Age in Cornwall.[2] The surrounding area and village of Zennor has been continually occupied for over 4,000 years.[3] Zennor Head was mined extensively for copper and tin in the 19th century, and drainage adits remain visible on the eastern side.[3]  The promontory was donated to the National Trust in December 1953.[4] The Southwest Coast Path was created in 1978, and runs along the top of Zennor Head as part of its 630 miles (1,010 km),[3][5] following the edge of the cliffs closely.[6] Zennor in Darkness, the 1994 McKitterick Prize-winning novel by Helen Dunmore, was partly set around Zennor Head. In 2009 the headland suffered flooding which affected the cliff-top footpath.[7] The promontory has been designated as part of the Penwith Heritage Coast.[8][9]  Zennor Head is located on the north coast of Cornwall, England, facing the Atlantic Ocean. A headland extending some 750 metres (2,460 ft), it is surrounded by steep cliffs plunging into the sea below. It is west of the town of St Ives, and north-east of the town of Penzance. The nearest human settlement is the village of Zennor, and the headland is flanked by two coves, Pendour and Porthzennor. The nearest headland is Gurnard's Head, 1.6 kilometres to the west.[1][10] Access is from the South West Coast Path, or the B3306 road (West Cornwall coast road).[3] There is a deep inlet known as Horseback Zawn on the western side, where seabirds nest.[3] The headland is topped by an Ordnance Survey "Trig Point".[11] The Killas strata, which is exposed over the majority of Zennor Head, is a sedimentary rock formation[12] laid down in the Devonian period, between approximately 415 and 375 million years ago (myr).[13] Zennor Head is on the surface boundary of the so-called "Land's End Granite", part of the Cornubian batholith which dates from 279 to 274 myr.[3] However, the intrusion of the granite into the Killas strata altered it metamorphically into a shale-type rock.[3]  Zennor Head is home to a variety of wildlife, including the Cornish chough (Pyrrhocorax pyrrhocorax pyrrhocorax).[1] Grey seals (Halichoerus grypus) have been sighted off the coast.[14] Many seabirds nest on the cliffs, especially around Horseback Zawn, including herring gulls (Larus argentatus) and fulmars (Fulmarus glacialis).[3] Kestrels (Falco tinnunculus) hunt inland of the shoreline.[3]  The headland is primarily covered with grass, as well as heather (Calluna vulgaris), bracken (Pteridium aquilinum), thyme (Thymus polytrichus) and western gorse (Ulex gallii).[3][15] In 1962, specimens of the comparatively rare western clover (Trifolium occidentale) were found on Zennor Head.[16] The lichen Dirina massiliensis has also been found high on the acid schist cliffs on the north-, seaward-side of the headland.[17] The parasitic plant dodder (Cuscuta epithymum) is found growing on gorse.[3] There are also typical coastal flowering plants such as kidney vetch (Anthyllis vulneraria), sea campion (Silene uniflora), and thrift (Armeria maritima).[3][18]  Perched rock at the foot of Zennor Head  Common kestrel  Eastern flank  Thrift, a coastal plant  Zennor Head from inland  Grey seal  Horseback Zawn       Perched rock at the foot of Zennor Head       Common kestrel       Eastern flank       Thrift, a coastal plant       Zennor Head from inland       Grey seal       Horseback Zawn    Cornwall portal"
Victory Glacier;" Victory Glacier (63°49′S 58°25′W﻿ / ﻿63.817°S 58.417°W﻿ / -63.817, -58.417Coordinates: 63°49′S 58°25′W﻿ / ﻿63.817°S 58.417°W﻿ / -63.817, -58.417) is a gently sloping glacier, 8 nautical miles (15 km) long, flowing east-southeast from the north end of Detroit Plateau on Trinity Peninsula to Prince Gustav Channel immediately north of Pitt Point. Bounded by Trakiya Heights to the north and Kondofrey Heights to the south.  It was surveyed by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS), and so named because the glacier was sighted in the week following the surrender of Japan in World War II, in August 1945.    This article about a glacier in Trinity Peninsula is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. List of glaciers in the Antarctic Glaciology Trinity Peninsula. Scale 1:250000 topographic map No. 5697. Institut für Angewandte Geodäsie and British Antarctic Survey, 1996.  This article incorporates public domain material from "Victory Glacier". Geographic Names Information System. United States Geological Survey.   SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer. v t e Aufeis Cirque Ice cap Ice field Ice sheet Ice shelf Ice stream Ledoyom Outlet glacier Piedmont glacier Rock glacier Valley glacier Ablation zone Accumulation zone Bergschrund Blue ice Crevasse Dirt cone Firn Glacier cave Glacier head Ice divide Ice tongue Icefall Lateral moraine Medial moraine Moraine Moulin Penitente Randkluft Sérac Terminus Ablation Accumulation Basal sliding Calving Creep Motion Outburst flood Overdeepening Plucking Retreat Starvation Surge Ice core Mass balance Jökulhlaup Subglacial eruption Subglacial volcano Tuya Arête Cirque Cirque stairway Crag and tail Finger lake Fjord Glacial horn Glacial lake Glacial striae Hanging valley P-form Ribbon lake Roche moutonnée Suncup Tarn Trough lake Trough valley Tunnel valley U-valley Valley step Zungenbecken Drumlin Erratic block Moraine Moraine-dammed lake Pulju moraine Rogen moraine Sevetti moraine Terminal moraine Till plain Veiki moraine Alpentor Diluvium Esker Giant current ripples Kame Kame delta Kettle hole Outwash fan Sandur Urstromtal Glaciology Category List Template:Periglacial environment v t e Aagaard Glacier Aaron Glacier Academy Glacier Acosta Glacier Adams Glacier (Victoria Land) Adams Glacier (Wilkes Land) Aeronaut Glacier Agalina Glacier Ahern Glacier Ahlmann Glacier Ahrnsbrak Glacier Aiken Glacier Airy Glacier Aitkenhead Glacier Akebono Glacier Albanus Glacier Alberich Glacier Alberts Glacier Albone Glacier Albrecht Penck Glacier Algie Glacier Alice Glacier Alley Glacier Allison Glacier (Antarctica) Altimir Glacier Altarduken Glacier Alvarez Glacier Alyabiev Glacier Ambergris Glacier Amos Glacier Amphitheatre Glacier Amundsen Glacier Anandakrishnan Glacier Anchialus Glacier Anderton Glacier Andrew Glacier Anna Glacier Ant Hill Glacier Antevs Glacier Anthony Glacier Anu Whakatoro Glacier Anuchin Glacier Apfel Glacier Aphrodite Glacier Apollo Glacier Arago Glacier Arapya Glacier Archer Glacier Arena Glacier Arensky Glacier Argentina Glacier Argo Glacier Argonaut Glacier Argosy Glacier Armira Glacier Armstrong Glacier Arneb Glacier Arriens Glacier Arruiz Glacier Arthur Glacier Asafiev Glacier Ascent Glacier Ashworth Glacier Asimutbreen Glacier Assender Glacier Astakhov Glacier Astapenko Glacier Aster Glacier Astro Glacier Astrolabe Glacier Astronaut Glacier Astudillo Glacier Athene Glacier Atka Glacier Atkinson Glacier Attlee Glacier Aurora Glacier Auster Glacier Austreskorve Glacier Aviator Glacier Avsyuk Glacier Axel Heiberg Glacier Bachtold Glacier Backstairs Passage Glacier Bader Glacier Bagshawe Glacier Bailey Ice Stream Baker Glacier Balakirev Glacier Balch Glacier Balchen Glacier Baldwin Glacier Balish Glacier Ball Glacier (James Ross Island) Ball Glacier (Victoria Land) Bally Glacier Baranowski Glacier Barber Glacier Barcus Glacier Barkov Glacier Barne Glacier Barnes Glacier Barnett Glacier Baronick Glacier Barré Glacier Barrett Glacier Bartlett Glacier Bartley Glacier Bartók Glacier Bartrum Glacier Bates Glacier Battye Glacier Baxter Glacier Bayly Glacier Beaglehole Glacier Beakley Glacier Beaman Glacier Beardmore Glacier Bearman Glacier Beaver Glacier (Enderby Land) Beaver Glacier (Ross Ice Shelf) Bellisime Glacier Bender Glacier Berisad Glacier Berkovitsa Glacier Berry Glacier Bindschadler Ice Stream Bistra Glacier Blaiklock Glacier Bolgrad Glacier Borchgrevink Glacier Bowman Glacier Boyana Glacier Bozhinov Glacier Brandau Glacier Branscomb Glacier Brook Glacier Bulbur Glacier Burdenis Glacier Butamya Glacier Byrd Glacier Cairns Glacier Canada Glacier Carey Glacier Cervellati Glacier Chambers Glacier Chavez Glacier Chernomen Glacier Childs Glacier Christensen Glacier Chumerna Glacier Chuprene Glacier Clarke Glacier (Graham Land) Clarke Glacier (Marie Byrd Land) Clarke Glacier (Victoria Land) Co-pilot Glacier Collins Glacier Commandant Charcot Glacier Commonwealth Glacier Cooke Glacier Cornwall Glacier Coulston Glacier Cox Glacier Craft Glacier Crane Glacier Crescent Glacier Crevasse Valley Glacier Crosswell Glacier Crume Glacier Dale Glacier Dalgopol Glacier Darwin Glacier (Antarctica) Dater Glacier David Glacier Dawson-Lambton Glacier Deadmond Glacier Debelt Glacier Debenham Glacier Deception Glacier Decker Glacier Della Pia Glacier Delyo Glacier Deming Glacier Denman Glacier Dennistoun Glacier Devils Glacier DeVicq Glacier Dibble Glacier Dick Glacier Dimkov Glacier Dinsmoor Glacier Divdyadovo Glacier Djerassi Glacier Dobbratz Glacier Dobrudzha Glacier Donnellan Glacier Dragoman Glacier Drama Glacier Driscoll Glacier Drygalski Glacier Ebbe Glacier Echelmeyer Ice Stream Edge Glacier El-Sayed Glacier Ellen Glacier Embree Glacier Emmanuel Glacier Endeavour Piedmont Glacier Endurance Glacier Entrikin Glacier Epler Glacier Erebus Glacier Evans Ice Stream Exum Glacier Falkner Glacier Fendorf Glacier Ferrar Glacier Finley Glacier Finsterwalder Glacier Flanagan Glacier Flask Glacier Fisher Glacier Fitch Glacier Foggydog Glacier Foley Glacier Fonfon Glacier Foundation Ice Stream Français Glacier Frankenfield Glacier Frost Glacier Gabare Glacier Gain Glacier Gair Glacier Gallup Glacier Garwood Glacier Gaussiran Glacier Gerila Glacier Gilbert Glacier Gilchrist Glacier Gildea Glacier Giles Glacier Gillespie Glacier Gillock Glacier Glen Glacier Goff Glacier Goldsmith Glacier Goodell Glacier Gopher Glacier Gordon Glacier Gowan Glacier Gramada Glacier Graveson Glacier Greenwell Glacier Grigorov Glacier Grimes Glacier Guerrero Glacier Haas Glacier Haefeli Glacier Haffner Glacier Hale Glacier Hammond Glacier Hansen Glacier Haskell Glacier Hatherton Glacier Hayes Glacier Helfferich Glacier Henderson Glacier Hinkley Glacier Hlubeck Glacier Horlick Ice Stream Horntvedt Glacier Hough Glacier Hourihan Glacier Howe Glacier Hudman Glacier Hyde Glacier Ice Gate Glacier Icebreaker Glacier Ichime Glacier Il Polo Glacier Iliad Glacier Iliev Glacier Ineson Glacier Institute Ice Stream Ironside Glacier Irvine Glacier Irving Glacier Irwin Glacier Isbrecht Glacier Ising Glacier Iskar Glacier Jaburg Glacier Jacobel Glacier Jacobsen Glacier Jacoby Glacier Jeffries Glacier Jorda Glacier Jutulstraumen Glacier Kaliakra Glacier Kamb Ice Stream Kamchiya Glacier Kannheiser Glacier Karasura Glacier Kasabova Glacier Keltie Glacier Ketchum Glacier Kichenside Glacier Kirkby Glacier Klein Glacier Kleptuza Glacier Koettlitz Glacier Kohler Glacier Kolosh Glacier Kongur Glacier Kopsis Glacier Kornicker Glacier Kovacs Glacier Krapets Glacier Krivodol Glacier Lambert Glacier Land Glacier Landreth Glacier Lardeya Ice Piedmont Lawrie Glacier Laws Glacier Le Couteur Glacier Lennox-King Glacier Leonardo Glacier Leppard Glacier Lerchenfeld Glacier Letnitsa Glacier Leverett Glacier Levko Glacier Lillie Glacier Liotard Glacier Lipen Glacier Litz Glacier Liv Glacier Lliboutry Glacier Long Glacier Lovejoy Glacier Lucchitta Glacier Lucy Glacier MacAyeal Ice Stream MacNamara Glacier Magura Glacier Mahaffey Glacier Malorad Glacier Marck Glacier Mariner Glacier Marret Glacier Marsa Glacier Marsh Glacier Martin Glacier McClinton Glacier Meander Glacier Medven Glacier Mellor Glacier Mercer Ice Stream Mertz Glacier Mill Glacier Mincer Glacier Minnesota Glacier Mitev Glacier Morelli Glacier Möller Ice Stream Muldava Glacier Mulock Glacier Murgash Glacier Musala Glacier Myers Glacier Nadjakov Glacier Narechen Glacier Nash Glacier Nesla Glacier Newall Glacier Newcomer Glacier Nimitz Glacier Nimrod Glacier Ninnis Glacier Northcliffe Glacier Northeast Glacier Oakley Glacier Obelya Glacier Ogoya Glacier O'Hara Glacier Orizari Glacier Ovech Glacier Padala Glacier Panega Glacier Pashuk Glacier Pastra Glacier Patleyna Glacier Patton Glacier Patuxent Ice Stream Pautalia Glacier Payne Glacier Pelter Glacier Penck Glacier Perunika Glacier Peshtera Glacier Pimpirev Glacier Pine Island Glacier Pirin Glacier Pirogov Glacier Plummer Glacier Poduene Glacier Polar Times Glacier Posadowsky Glacier Posadowsky Glacier (Bouvet Island) Poulter Glacier Prebble Glacier Prespa Glacier Priddy Glacier Priestley Glacier Prince Edward Glacier Prince Philip Glacier Prince of Wales Glacier Princess Anne Glacier Prospect Glacier Pryor Glacier Pulpudeva Glacier Quartermain Glacier Quito Glacier Quonset Glacier Ramorino Glacier Ranuli Ice Piedmont Rayner Glacier Razboyna Glacier Recovery Glacier Reedy Glacier Remington Glacier Rennell Glacier Rexford Glacier Rhesus Glacier Rignot Glacier Rippon Glacier Robert Glacier Roché Glacier Ropotamo Glacier Rose Valley Glacier Rumyana Glacier Rupite Glacier Rusalka Glacier Rutford Ice Stream Sabine Glacier Samodiva Glacier San Martín Glacier Saparevo Glacier Schimper Glacier Schneider Glacier Schweitzer Glacier Schytt Glacier Scott Glacier (Transantarctic Mountains) Scott Glacier (East Antarctica) Seaton Glacier Sestrimo Glacier Shabica Glacier Shackleton Glacier Shambles Glacier Shanklin Glacier Shark Fin Glacier Sharp Glacier Sharpend Glacier Sheehan Glacier Sheldon Glacier Shell Glacier Shinnan Glacier Shipley Glacier Shirase Glacier Shoemaker Glacier Shoesmith Glacier Shuman Glacier Sibelius Glacier Siemiatkowski Glacier Sigmen Glacier Sigyn Glacier Sikorski Glacier Sikorsky Glacier Silk Glacier Simmons Glacier Simpson Glacier Sirma Glacier Skelton Glacier Škorpil Glacier Slessor Glacier Smith Glacier Socks Glacier Solun Glacier Srebarna Glacier Stancomb-Wills Glacier Strandzha Glacier Stratton Glacier Struma Glacier Suess Glacier Support Force Glacier Suter Glacier Sylwester Glacier Talev Glacier Targovishte Glacier Taylor Glacier Telemeter Glacier Teteven Glacier Thamyris Glacier Thomas Glacier Thwaites Glacier Totten Glacier Tucker Glacier Tundzha Glacier Ueda Glacier Underwood Glacier Union Glacier Uranus Glacier Urdoviza Glacier Utopia Glacier Utstikkar Glacier Van der Veen Ice Stream Van Reeth Glacier Vanderford Glacier Verila Glacier Vestreskorve Glacier Veststraumen Glacier Vetrino Glacier Vidbol Glacier Wahl Glacier Walk Glacier Walter Glacier Weldon Glacier Wetmore Glacier Whillans Ice Stream Williams Ice Stream Wilma Glacier Wirdnam Glacier Wright Lower Glacier Wulfila Glacier Yablanitsa Glacier Yakoruda Glacier Yamato Glacier Yancey Glacier Yates Glacier Yeats Glacier Yoder Glacier Young Glacier Yozola Glacier Zaneveld Glacier Zélée Glacier Zeller Glacier Zenith Glacier Zephyr Glacier Zetland Glacier Zheravna Glacier Zimzelen Glacier Zinberg Glacier Zoller Glacier Zonda Glacier Zotikov Glacier Zuniga Glacier Zykov Glacier v t e Aitkenhead Glacier Arena Glacier Boydell Glacier Depot Glacier Diplock Glacier Dreatin Glacier Kenney Glacier Malorad Glacier Marla Glacier Mondor Glacier Ogoya Glacier Pettus Glacier Russell East Glacier Russell West Glacier Sestrimo Glacier Sjogren Glacier Victory Glacier Whitecloud Glacier Zavera Snowfield Horton Glacier Hurley Glacier Shambles Glacier Sheldon Glacier Sloman Glacier Turner Glacier Aagaard Glacier Agalina Glacier Ahlmann Glacier Akaga Glacier Alberts Glacier Albone Glacier Aleksiev Glacier Ambergris Glacier Anderson Glacier Andrew Glacier Antevs Glacier Aphrodite Glacier Apollo Glacier Arago Glacier Archer Glacier Astudillo Glacier Athene Glacier Attlee Glacier Avsyuk Glacier Bader Glacier Bagshawe Glacier Balch Glacier Barnes Glacier Bayly Glacier Beaglehole Glacier Belgica Glacier Belogradchik Glacier Bevin Glacier Bilgeri Glacier Bills Gulch Birley Glacier Blagun Glacier Blanchard Glacier Blériot Glacier Bolton Glacier Bombardier Glacier Boryana Glacier Bozhinov Glacier Bradford Glacier Breguet Glacier Breitfuss Glacier Brenitsa Glacier Brückner Glacier Bucher Glacier Bussey Glacier Butamya Glacier Byway Glacier Cadman Glacier Carbutt Glacier Cardell Glacier Caulfeild Glacier Cayley Glacier Centurion Glacier Chamberlin Glacier Chernomen Glacier Chernoochene Glacier Chuchuliga Glacier Clarke Glacier Clarke Glacier (Graham Land) Comrie Glacier Crane Glacier Cronus Glacier Cumpston Glacier Dabrava Glacier Daguerre Glacier Darvari Glacier Daspit Glacier Demorest Glacier Desudava Glacier Deville Glacier Dinsmoor Glacier Dolie Glacier Doyle Glacier Drummond Glacier Drygalski Glacier Dzhebel Glacier Earnshaw Glacier Eden Glacier Edgeworth Glacier Eliason Glacier Elovdol Glacier Enravota Glacier Erden Glacier Erskine Glacier Evans Glacier Field Glacier Finsterwalder Glacier Flask Glacier Fleece Glacier Flint Glacier Forbes Glacier Forel Glacier Franca Glacier Fricker Glacier Friederichsen Glacier Funk Glacier Gibbs Glacier Goodwin Glacier Gould Glacier Green Glacier Gregory Glacier Grimley Glacier Grubb Glacier Haefeli Glacier Hamblin Glacier Hariot Glacier Heim Glacier Hektoria Glacier Henryk Glacier Henson Glacier Hermes Glacier Hess Glacier Hoek Glacier Hopkins Glacier Hotine Glacier Hugi Glacier Ice Gate Glacier Ice Gate Glacier Jorum Glacier Kasabova Glacier Kashin Glacier Kladorub Glacier Klebelsberg Glacier Kokora Glacier Kolosh Glacier Kom Glacier Koriten Glacier Krapets Glacier Krebs Glacier Kutlovitsa Glacier Lammers Glacier Lawrie Glacier Leay Glacier Leonardo Glacier Leppard Glacier Lesicheri Glacier Lever Glacier Lewis Glacier Lilienthal Glacier Lind Glacier Lliboutry Glacier Luke Glacier McCance Glacier McClary Glacier McMorrin Glacier McNeile Glacier Maitland Glacier Mapple Glacier Martin Glacier Marvodol Glacier Matthes Glacier Melville Glacier Meridian Glacier Miethe Glacier Minzuhar Glacier Mitterling Glacier Moider Glacier Montgolfier Glacier Morrison Glacier Moser Glacier Mouillard Glacier Muldava Glacier Murphy Glacier Musina Glacier Nadjakov Glacier Narezne Glacier Nemo Glacier Neny Glacier Nesla Glacier Niépce Glacier Nobile Glacier Northeast Glacier Nye Glacier Otlet Glacier Pan Glacier Paspal Glacier Pequod Glacier Perutz Glacier Peyna Glacier Pirin Glacier Poduene Glacier Polaris Glacier Pollard Glacier Punchbowl Glacier Pyke Glacier Quartermain Glacier Rachel Glacier Remus Glacier Renard Glacier Renaud Glacier Rickmers Glacier Risimina Glacier Robillard Glacier Rogosh Glacier Romulus Glacier Rozier Glacier Rudolph Glacier Rusalka Glacier Sabine Glacier Samodiva Glacier Saussure Glacier Sayce Glacier Seller Glacier Sharp Glacier Shoesmith Glacier Sikorsky Glacier Sinion Glacier Sirocco Glacier Škorpil Glacier Sleipnir Glacier Snowshoe Glacier Sohm Glacier Sölch Glacier Solun Glacier Somers Glacier Somigliana Glacier Starbuck Glacier Stob Glacier Stringfellow Glacier Stubb Glacier Suárez Glacier Sumner Glacier Swithinbank Glacier Swithinbank Glacier Talev Glacier Temple Glacier Todd Glacier Tofani Glacier Traffic Circle Trepetlika Glacier Trooz Glacier Vallot Glacier Veselie Glacier Vidbol Glacier Vivallos Glacier Vogel Glacier Vrachesh Glacier Wallend Glacier Weir Glacier Wellman Glacier Weyerhaeuser Glacier Wheatstone Glacier Whirlwind Glaciers Widdowson Glacier Wiggins Glacier Wilkinson Glacier Woodbury Glacier Wyatt Glacier Zaychar Glacier Zimzelen Glacier Zlokuchene Glacier Ball Glacier Coley Glacier Gourdon Glacier Hobbs Glacier Howarth Glacier Ineson Glacier Swift Glacier Tait Glacier Altimir Glacier Balanstra Glacier Burevestnik Glacier Channel Glacier Chumerna Glacier Dimkov Glacier Djerassi Glacier Dodelen Glacier Gorichane Glacier Grigorov Glacier Harbour Glacier Hippocrates Glacier Hooper Glacier Iliad Glacier Jenner Glacier Kleptuza Glacier Koch Glacier Laënnec Glacier Lipen Glacier Lister Glacier Mackenzie Glacier Malpighi Glacier Mitev Glacier Müller Glacier Olstad Glacier Oshane Glacier Palilula Glacier Pare Glacier Pastra Glacier Pirogov Glacier Pleystor Glacier Podayva Glacier Ralitsa Glacier Rhesus Glacier Rush Glacier Shterna Glacier Sigmen Glacier Svetovrachene Glacier Thamyris Glacier Thunder Glacier William Glacier Zbelsurd Glacier Zlatiya Glacier v t e"
Minuscule 671;" Minuscule 671 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 1283 (von Soden),[1][2] is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 12th century. The manuscript is very lacunose.[3][4] Scrivener labelled it by 544e.[5]  The codex contains the text of the four Gospels, on 104 parchment leaves (size 19.5 cm by 15.2 cm), arranged in quarto, with numerous lacunae.[3][1] The text is written in one column per page, 18-20 lines per page.[3] It was written by several hands.[6]  The tables of the  κεφαλαια are placed before every Gospel. The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια (chapters), which numbers are given at the left margin, and their τιτλοι (titles) at the top of the pages. There is also a division with a references to the Eusebian Canons (partially).[5] There is no heading to the Gospel of Luke, but a blank space is left, so that perhaps the manuscript was never finished.[5] The manuscript has a large number of unfoliated leaves.[1]  The Greek text of the codex is still not determined. Kurt Aland did not examine it by using his method of 1000 readings, and he did not place it in any Category.[7] It was also not examined by using the Claremont Profile Method.[8]  According to Gregory it contains some Western readings.[6] Its text is probably mixed.  Scrivener dated the manuscript to the 13th century, Gregory dated it to the 12th or 13th century.[6] Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 12th century.[4]  The manuscript was brought from Greece to Britain by the Earl of Aberdeen.[5] Formerly it belonged to the Ashburnham (204).[3][4] It was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Scrivener and Gregory. Gregory saw it in 1883.[6] Currently the manuscript is held in a private collection. Officially its owner is unknown.[3][4]  papyri uncials minuscules lectionaries List of New Testament minuscules Biblical manuscript Textual criticism"
Jerry Obiang;" Jerry Obiang (born 10 June 1992 in Libreville) is a Gabonese professional footballer. He plays for Gabon national football team. He has competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.[1]    This biographical article related to Gabonese association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Enophrys bison;"   The buffalo sculpin, scientific name Enophrys bison, is a species of saltwater fish, a sculpin. They are typically found in rocky or sandy reef environments, where they can camouflage themselves in rocks and seaweed. These fish commonly inhabit a depths down to 65 feet, though the deepest recorded depth is at 743 feet. They can grow up to 14.5 inches long.[1]  The buffalo sculpin can be found in a wide variety of colors, and has a short, blunt snout. Like many sculpins of the family Cottidae, buffalo sculpin sport an array of spiny fins, including 7-9 dorsal spines.[2]  This fish species occurs in the Eastern Pacific Ocean, from Kodiak Island, Alaska, to Monterey Bay, California, USA.    This Scorpaeniformes article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Wikidata: Q2188323 BOLD: 125570 CoL: 39WK2 FishBase: 4086 GBIF: 5201188 iNaturalist: 117536 IRMNG: 11174652 ITIS: 167267 NatureServe: 2.102363 NCBI: 320617 WoRMS: 275355"
Jamali Maddix;"   Jamali Maddix (born 15 April 1991)[1] is an English stand-up comedian.[2] He appears as a regular on the reboot of Never Mind the Buzzcocks and appeared on series 11 of Taskmaster.  Maddix won the Chortle Student Comedian of the Year award in 2014[3] while he was a student at The University of Salford.  In July 2022, Maddix's podcast Spooky Shit won the title of Best Comedy Podcast at the British Podcast Awards.[4]  Maddix hosted a documentary series on extremism titled Hate Thy Neighbor[5] in partnership with Vice in 2016.  In the series, Maddix interviews extremists from around the world to understand how they think.[6] These extremists include members of hate groups such as NSM, Azov, Nordic Youth, Black Hebrew Israelites and the EDL.  Maddix appeared on series 11 of Taskmaster, which was broadcast from April to May 2021. [7] He came in fourth place.  Maddix's father is Jamaican and his mother's father is Greek, although for many years he had believed him to be Italian. In an episode of Big Zuu's Big Eats, recorded 12 December 2019, he said "My dad is Jamaican, my mum didn't know her pops and she always told me he was Italian, for some reason. I don't know, she said he's Italian, that's all she'll say, 'Ah, he's Italian.' And I remember, I was talking to mum one day and she goes, 'Ah no, he was Greek.' So, now I'm a quarter Greek, but I never knew I was a quarter Greek until now and, you know, all right."[8] Jamali was born in Ilford, East London, and still lived there as of 2015.[9]  This article about a British comedian or humourist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
1,4-Diisocyanobutane;" 1,4-Diisocyanobutane is an organic compound. Its structural formula is CN(CH2)4NC, which similar to adiponitrile but with carbon and nitrogen of cyanide groups switching places.  This article about an organic compound is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. 929-25-9 Y Interactive image 3442746 Y 4233940 InChI=1S/C6H8N2/c1-7-5-3-4-6-8-2/h3-6H2 YKey: SEIOPNFVJBEBMP-UHFFFAOYSA-N Y InChI=1S/C6H8N2/c1-7-5-3-4-6-8-2/h3-6H2Key: SEIOPNFVJBEBMP-UHFFFAOYSA-N [C-]#[N+]CCCC[N+]#[C-] Adiponitrile"
Lewis Del Mar;"   Lewis Del Mar is an American experimental pop[1] duo from Rockaway Beach, Queens, New York City. Consisting of singer and guitarist Danny Miller, and drummer and producer Max Harwood,[2] the group first received attention in early 2015 when their debut single Loud(y) was featured in the number one spot on Hype Machine.[1][3] They released their debut EP in January 2016,[2] which peaked at number 7 on Billboard Emerging Artists.[4] Their self-titled debut album was released on October 7, 2016, through Columbia Records.  The group's self titled debut album Lewis Del Mar received support from NPR, Vice, and The New York Times, and led to late night performances on The Late Late Show with James Corden and Conan. Rolling Stone called the lead single "Loud(y)" "A beachside dreamscape with acoustic guitars and electronic drums washing up on shore",[5] while Los Angeles radio station KCRW said it was "one of the best tunes to come out [in 2016]. The album also led to an international headlining tour from 2016–2017, including stops at globally renowned festivals such as Austin City Limits, Outside Lands, and Lollapalooza.  In May 2020, the group announced that their second album AUGUST would be released on August 21, 2020. The album's lead single, "The Ceiling" was premiered by Zane Lowe as a Beats 1 Radio "Worlds First", and received support from Annie Mac on BBC Radio 1's "Future Sounds". Culture Collide called the single "a triumphant return",[6] and TIME named it one of the best songs of May 2020.[7] "The Ceiling" was followed by singles "Border (CH. III)" and "Rosalie (CH. II)", the latter of which Dujour referred to as "a declaration of the importance of human connections and relationships."[8]    This article on a United States-based pop music group is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Experimental pop rock Startime International Columbia Fader Label Released: October 7, 2016[10] Label: Columbia Released: August 21, 2020[11] Label: Fader Released: January 15, 2016[12] Label: Columbia"
Francis Loveday;"   Francis Loveday (14 September 1892 – 18 October 1954) was an English cricketer. He played for Essex between 1921 and 1923.[1]  This biographical article related to an English cricket person born in the 1890s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Rex Frederick;"  Rex Frederick (born December 16, 1936 in Hamilton, Alabama[1] ) is a retired American collegiate basketball player and coach. He was a star athlete in high school along with his brother Max Frederick and led Corner High School in Jefferson County to the Alabama state championship.[1] He later attended Auburn University and holds the record as all-time leading rebounder with 14.3 rebounds per game average and his 904 career rebounds currently ranks fifth on the Tigers' all-time rebounding chart.[2] In 2006, he became only the third Tiger to have his jersey (#32) retired.[2]  He left Auburn as the all-time leading rebounder and ninth all-time leading scorer with 937 points and continues to hold the top two single-season records for most rebounds with 325 in 1957–1958 and 322 in 1956–1957. Frederick holds the Auburn single-game record for rebounds with 27 vs. SMU in 1957.[2]  In 1966 he joined the staff at the new state university, South Alabama and helped them organize and begin its basketball program in 1968. He served as head coach for two seasons.[3]  Frederick played collegiately at Auburn (1956–1959), helping the freshman team to an undefeated season[citation needed]. As a junior, he set single-season record with 325 rebounds and also set the single game rebounding mark with 27. When he graduated from Auburn, he ranked as Auburn's third best rebounder with a total of 904, averaging 14.3 rebounds per game. He averaged 14.9 points a game for his career and had a career total of 937 points. He was chosen All-SEC two consecutive years (1958 and 1959) and was voted to the Associated Press and Helms All-America teams his senior year. In 1959, he was voted SEC Defensive Player of the Year. Frederick was also All-SEC in baseball and led Auburn to an SEC Championship. He is a member of Auburn's Basketball Hall of Fame and has been inducted into the Tiger Trail of Auburn by the Chamber of Commerce. He coached in college for a while, starting the basketball program at the University of South Alabama in 1966. He currently resides in Auburn, AL.  Frederick organized and started the South Alabama Jaguars basketball team in 1966. From 1968–1970 he served as the Jaguars founding head coach and compiled a 19–29 (.396) record.[3]  Pound sign (#) denotes interim head coach.  1957 All-SEC[2] 1958 All-SEC[1][2] 1958 Team Captain[4] 1959 All-SEC[1][2] 1959 Team Captain[4] 1959 Associated Press All-American[2] 1959 Helms All-American[2] 1959 SEC Defensive Player of the Year[1] 2003 Inductee Alabama Sports Hall of Fame[2] Auburn University All-Century Team[5] Member of Auburn's Basketball Hall of Fame[1] Inducted into the Tiger Trail of Auburn by the Chamber of Commerce[1]"
World Jigsaw Puzzle Championships;" The World Jigsaw Puzzle Championship, is an annual event organized by the World Jigsaw Puzzle Federation (WJPF).[1] The World Championship was started in 2019 and the first city to hold it was Valladolid, Spain.[2] The Championship include three events: Team, pairs and individual.  It is the first time a world ranking is available for jigsaw puzzle competitors.[3]  In 2019 the World Jigsaw Federation, WJPF, was founded and in the same year, the first World Jigsaw Championship was held in Valladolid, Spain. The tournament was scheduled for 2020, but due the global COVID-19 pandemic it had to be canceled that year and was also canceled again in 2021. The World Championship was held again in 2022.  Three events were contested as part of the Championships:  Updated after 2022 World Jigsaw Puzzle Championship  Team event: Teams of 4 members do the number of puzzles agreed by the organization and the fastest to complete them within the established time is the winning team. Pairs event: Two people make the puzzle agreed by the organization (500 or 1000 pieces) and the fastest couple to complete it within the established time is the winner. Individual event: Each individual participant make a jigsaw puzzle of 500 pieces in the period accorded, and the fastest to finish it is the champion."
Ozark Mountain forests;" The Ozark Mountain forests are a temperate broadleaf and mixed forests ecoregion of the central United States delineated by the World Wide Fund for Nature. The ecoregion covers an area of 23,900 square miles (62,000 square kilometers) in northern Arkansas and eastern Oklahoma.  The Boston Mountains and Ouachita Mountains are the main mountain ranges of the region.  List of ecoregions in the United States (WWF) U.S. Interior Highlands Ozarks Ozark–St. Francis National Forest Ouachita Mountains Ouachita National Forest"
James P. Leddy;" James P. Leddy (born August 8, 1942) was a Democratic member of the Vermont State Senate, who represented the Chittenden senate district. James Leddy was first elected to the Vermont State Senate in 1998 and continued in that office through 2007.[1][2]  Leddy was born in Burlington, Vermont on August 8, 1942. He was the son of Bernard Leddy, who became a federal judge. After attending Rice Memorial High School, he went on to study at Saint Michael's College and the University of Ottawa where he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1964. He received an M.S.W. from Barry University in 1973.    This article about a Vermont politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Saraswati Shishu Vidya Mandir Telo;"   Saraswati Shishu Vidya Mandir Telo is situated in Telo of district Bokaro (Jharkhand) state. This school is popularly known for its well-study education methods to the students. This is affiliated to Vidya Vikas Samiti, Jharkhand and recognized through Jharkhand Government. In this school, apart from study culture based education is given to the students. Around 800 students study here up to class 10th. This school can be reached easily by roads and trains. Telo railway station is very nearest railway station (approx 2 km. Another nearest railway station is Chandrapura (approx 6 km. The overall annual result of this school is good, which is increasing its fame day by day in whole area of Bokaro District in India.    This article about a school in Jharkhand, India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Education in India Literacy in India List of schools in India v t e"
Dalaman;" Dalaman is a district, as well as the central town of that district, situated on the southwestern coast of Turkey, in the Muğla Province.  Dalaman Stream (Dalaman çayı) forms much of the western border of the district, where its neighbors are Köyceğiz and Ortaca districts. The town of Dalaman is located in the coastal plain, whereas the rest of the district – towards Fethiye district on the coast and towards the high mountains on the northern border to Denizli Province – is upland, dominated by the valleys of the Dalaman Stream's eastern tributaries.  Dalaman Airport serves as a gateway to the tourists who visit this part of Turkey every year, heading especially to seaside resorts to the west and east of Dalaman such as Marmaris, Fethiye, Köyceğiz, Dalyan, Ölüdeniz, Hisarönü and also Dalaman itself. Dalaman Airport (IATA: DLM, ICAO: LTBS) is small in comparison to other airports in Turkey, has parking spaces for 14 jet aircraft and is served by many operators. Turkish Airlines offer daily flights to Turkey's commercial and financial capital Istanbul. The Airport serves as a seasonal base for other airlines notably Pegasus Airlines and Free Bird Airlines. A new international airport terminal has recently been opened.  Dalaman has a hot Mediterranean climate. Summers are long and dry whilst winters are short and cool. Dalaman is a very sunny place throughout the whole of the year especially in June and July. Dalaman holds the record for the highest recorded air temperature in Turkey. "
Fred Lullfitz;"  Frederick Conrad James Lullfitz (22 January 1914 – 1983) was a Western Australian botanist and horticulturist.  Born in Perth, Western Australia in 1914, he studied botany at the University of Western Australia. During his long and varied career he spent five years as a plant and seed collector for the Kings Park and Botanic Garden, and many years studying and advising on the flora of the north-west. He was a life member of the West Australian Wildflower Society.[1]  Among his scientific contributions is his collection of the type specimen of Acacia anaticeps.[1] Banksia lullfitzii was named in his honour.[2] "
Luděk Frydrych;" Luděk Frydrych (born 3 January 1987 in Chlumec nad Cidlinou) is a Czech professional football goalkeeper who currently plays for Olympia Prague.      This biographical article related to association football in the Czech Republic, about a goalkeeper, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. FIFA U-20 World Cup runner-up (1) 2007"
Lychno;" Lychno (Russian: Лычно) is a rural locality (a village) in Posyolok imeni Zhelyabovo, Ustyuzhensky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 83 as of 2002.[2] There are 3 streets.[3]  Lychno is located 18 km (11 mi) northeast of Ustyuzhna (the district's administrative centre) by road. Osnopolye is the nearest rural locality.[4]  This Ustyuzhensky District location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Eupithecia palpata;"   Eupithecia palpata, the small pine looper, is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species was first described by Alpheus Spring Packard in 1873. It is found in Canada (Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Prince Edward Island, New Brunswick, Quebec, Ontario, Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Alberta and British Columbia)  and the north-eastern parts of the United States. The habitat consists of spruce woods.  The wingspan is about 23 mm.  The larva feed on balsam fir, eastern hemlock, eastern larch, pines, spruces and possibly other conifers.    This Eupithecia moth related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Eupithecia transcanadata MacKay, 1951"
Stroke Heroes Act FAST;" Stroke Heroes Act FAST is a public health campaign produced by the Heart Disease and Stroke Prevention and Control Program at the Massachusetts Department of Public Health. Begun in 2006, it is dedicated to increasing stroke recognition and shortening the time between the onset of stroke symptoms and arrival at a hospital's emergency department.  "Time lost is brain lost" is a phrase often used in stroke prevention programs. Because quick treatment can help avoid death or permanent physical disability, the FAST campaign stresses the need for immediate action by calling 9-1-1.  FAST teaches the signs and symptoms of stroke through its acronym, which stands for: Face, Arm, Speech, and Time. The highlight of the campaign is a 3-minute animated video produced by Geovision. Accompanying the video are posters, brochures, wallet-sized cards, and PowerPoints. All of the items are available in English, Spanish, and Portuguese (with Khmer on the way).[1] The PowerPoints are part of an education kit that is meant as a train-the-trainer module, and is also available in the three languages.[2]  A paid media campaign has accompanied the distribution of materials, and has included television, radio, print media, and transit cards on public transportation.[3] To date, FAST materials have been used in 48 states and 28 countries, including Canada, Japan, and the Dominican Republic.  The Heart Disease and Stroke Prevention and Control Program has evaluated each of the media campaigns to demonstrate knowledge and awareness change concerning stroke signs and symptoms. Prior to running the initial media campaign in a specific language and after each subsequent campaign, a survey was administered to a random sample of Massachusetts adults. The validated survey questionnaire addresses stroke signs and symptoms knowledge, impetus to call 9-1-1 at any sign of a stroke, awareness of stroke advertising, as well as familiarity with the campaign and its terminology. These data have shown a significant increase in awareness and knowledge over time, confirming the effectiveness of the campaigns in Massachusetts.  The campaign video won the Silver Award for production at the 27th annual Telly Awards, which recognizes the "finest video and film productions".[4] In 2008, two Gabriel Awards were given for "Community Awareness/PSA" for the Spanish-language version of the video.[5] It has also been honoured with the 2009 Media Partnership Award from the Partnership for a Heart-Healthy Stroke-Free Massachusetts (PHHSFM) organization for the campaign's leadership in using the video to increase awareness of the signs and symptoms of stroke. "
Peregrine Semiconductor;" Peregrine Semiconductor, known as pSemi, is a San Diego-based manufacturer of high-performance RF (radio frequency) CMOS integrated circuits. A Murata Manufacturing company since December 2014, the company's products are used in aerospace and defense, broadband, industrial, mobile wireless device, test and measurement equipment and wireless infrastructure markets.[2] Their UltraCMOS technology is a proprietary implementation of silicon on sapphire (SOS)[3] and silicon on insulator (SOI) substrates that enables high levels of monolithic integration.  The company was founded in 1990 by former NOSC (Naval Ocean Systems Center) researchers Dr. Ron Reedy and Dr. Mark Burgener, along with partner Rory Moore. Reedy served as the CEO from 1990 to 1998, followed by Stav Prodromou from 1999 to 2002. Since then, Dr. James "Jim" Cable has served as the company's CEO.[4]  In May 2010 the company entered a joint development agreement with IBM Microelectronics for the development and manufacture of future generations of the pSemi's UltraCMOS process, with migration to 200mm wafers that facilitates the evolution of the process to advanced 180 nm, 130 nm and 90 nm nodes.[5] According to an article by EDN executive editor Ron Wilson, with mobile operators like China Mobile and Vodafone needing handsets with 11 or 12 bands and air interfaces, "designers need high levels of front end integration".[6]  On November 19, 2010 the company filed a preliminary prospectus S-1 registration statement in preparation for an IPO.[7] On August 8, 2012 the company's stock began trading on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol PSMI. The IPO raised $77 million for the company.[8]  On August 22, 2014 Murata Electronics, a subsidiary of Murata Manufacturing, announced that they had purchased all outstanding shares of the company.[9] The deal was completed on December 12, 2014.[10] The company continues to market its RF solutions under the Peregrine brand, as a wholly owned subsidiary of Murata Electronics North America, Inc.[11] Since the acquisition, Murata has invested in the company's growth and has increased their employee count by 40 percent, as of summer 2016.[12]  In March 2017 the company acquired Arctic Sand Technologies, a designer and manufacturer of power converters based in Burlington, Massachusetts.[13]  The company has about 150 products used in applications such as cellular base stations, medical devices, public safety radios, test and measurement equipment and mobile handsets.[14] In their handset business, the company's components are found in devices such as the Galaxy S4, Galaxy Note 3, iPhone 5S and iPad Air.[15]  In 2014 the company announced UltraCMOS Global 1, a specialized wireless chip that combines different radio frequency functions on a single microchip and claims to let a single phone connect to more than 40 frequency bands.[16][17] The company also claims that the power amplifier embedded on the Global 1 chip provides the same level of performance as the competing technology, gallium arsenide (GaAS). Global 1 will not be in volume production until late 2015 and will compete with Qualcomm's RF360 chip.[16]  For their development of the silicon on sapphire technologies, founders Reedy & Burgener earned the IEEE Daniel E. Noble Award for Emerging Technology in 2011.[18]  In Oct. 2013 the company announced that they had shipped their two billionth chip in an order to Murata Manufacturing company.[19]  Official website"
Highlander: The Series (season 2);" The second season of the international fantasy series Highlander: The Series, part of the Highlander franchise, consists of 22 episodes produced between 1993 and 1994.[1] The first episode of the season aired on September 27, 1993 in broadcast syndication[2] and the last aired on May 23, 1994. The series continues to follow the adventures of Duncan MacLeod, a 400-year-old Immortal who can only die if he is beheaded. MacLeod is involved in the Game, an ongoing battle during which all Immortals have to behead each other until only one is left.  A number of changes affected the cast as well as the co-production agreement that financed the previous season. Ratings increased, but Highlander received criticism for being too violent. The season was released on DVD in Region 1 on July 29, 2003 by Anchor Bay Entertainment.[3] The episodes are available on the online video on demand service Hulu, a joint venture between NBC and Fox Broadcasting Company.[4]  The first season aired earlier in the United States than elsewhere, thus in early 1993, Rysher TPE, the distributor that had sold the series to the American market, had to make a decision about financing a new season. At this point, the European partners still had not aired the first season, so the decision fell to Rysher. Willing to take the risk, Rysher announced that it would produce a second season.[5][6] The France/Canada co-production agreement of the previous season was reconstituted, albeit with some different partners. Gaumont Television (France), Rysher TPE (United States) and Reteitalia (Italy)[7] agreed to renew their participation to a new season. French leading channel TF1 was forced to cancel its participation because it was no longer legally allowed to qualify a show filmed in English as French content, and was replaced by French smaller channel M6, which was still allowed to do so.[6] RTL Plus (Germany) and Amuse Video (Japan) were also no longer part of the co-production, but Gaumont Television president Christian Charret signed Filmline International (Canada) as a new partner.[6] As a result of this new co-production agreement, with less wealthy partners, the budget of the season decreased from US$26.1 million the previous year[8] to $22 million. Half of the funding came from French[9] and other European sources,[10] income per episode from international sales, which had reached $800,000 in the previous season, decreased as well.[11] According to The Hollywood Reporter, pre-production started in April 1993,[12] and filming in June the same year.[13] Like the first season, the second season was divided into two segments, the first segment was filmed in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada (as the fictional city of Seacouver, Washington, United States),[14] and the second in Paris, France, to secure an acceptable share of European content as part of the co-production agreement.[6][15][16] Creatively, the second season was intended to be more action-oriented than the first, but lead actor Adrian Paul refused to do "another kung fu series", insisting that more romance and history be brought in the scripts.[17]  The production staff underwent a number of changes following the reshaping of the co-production partnership. Bill Panzer, Peter S. Davis, Christian Charret and Gaumont co-production executive Marla Ginsburg were executive producers. Filmline president Nicolas Clermont[6] became the only co-executive producer. Ken Gord replaced Barry Rosen and Gary Goodman as the new producer. Former executives in charge of production, Marc du Pontavice and Denis Leroy, returned as associate producer and coordinating producer respectively. David Abramowitz served as head writer,[18] but he could not be credited as such because Highlander was a Canadian-based show, and only Canadian writers could author scripts,[19] Abramowitz was American, and thus was credited as creative consultant instead.[18] The executive script editor was David Tynan, who also contributed scripts along staff and freelance writers, Brad Wright among the latter. Brent Karl Clackson was the line producer in Vancouver, but was succeeded by Patrick Millet (with the title of production manager) on the Paris segment. Regular directors throughout the season were Clay Borris and Dennis Berry. Fencing coach Bob Anderson, who coined for himself the title of Master of Swords,[20] resumed his work from the third episode onwards, after David Boushey choreographed the fights of episode two. The opening theme was "Princes of the Universe" from the 1986 album A Kind of Magic by Queen,[6] incidental music was composed by Roger Bellon.[21]  The main cast also underwent substantial changes during the season. Adrian Paul (Duncan MacLeod) and Stan Kirsch (playing Richie Ryan, the quick-talking street punk) returned to play their characters, but Alexandra Vandernoot who had portrayed Tessa Noël, the French artist, decided to leave the show.[22] Vandernoot only appeared in (and had star billing for) the first four episodes of the season, and her character was killed in the fourth episode "The Darkness". She did, however, return to make a guest appearance as the murderer Lisa Halle, in the two-part season finale "Counterfeit".  Jim Byrnes was introduced as MacLeod's Watcher, Joe Dawson, in the season's first episode "The Watchers". The Watchers are members of a secret society that observes Immortals without interfering in the Game. Another new actor Philip Akin had star billing in episodes three to fifteen playing Charlie DeSalvo, a martial arts teacher and ex-Navy SEAL. MacLeod buys and lives in DeSalvo's dojo after Tessa's death. Akin was replaced in the main cast when production moved to Paris for the second segment. Michel Modo took Akin's place, acting as Maurice Lalonde, an unemployed former chef living next to MacLeod's barge, and had star billing in episodes sixteen to twenty-two.[23][24][fn 1]  Actors returning to play recurring characters included: Elizabeth Gracen as Amanda, an international thief, Roland Gift as Xavier St. Cloud, a hedonistic killer, and Peter Hudson as James Horton, Dawson's brother-in-law and leader of the Hunters, a group of renegade Watchers who believe Immortals must be eliminated. New recurring characters introduced in the season were: Immortal baseball player Carl Robinson, portrayed by Bruce A. Young, CID Special Agent Renee Delaney, played by Stacey Travis, and Immortal mentor Rebecca Horne, played by Nadia Cameron.[23][24]  During the 1993 November sweeps period, 4.1 percent of viewers aged 18 to 49 watched the episode, representing a 17 percent gain from the previous year's ratings, which scored 3.5.[26] The household average for all dayparts scored 2.7/9. This means that an average of 2.7 percent of viewers aged 18 to 49, as well as 9 percent of all viewers watching television at the time, watched each episode during the sweeps. This represented an increase of 40 to 50 percent of the series' share of key demographic rating groups.[27] Ratings reached 4.6 during the 1994 February sweeps.[28]  Rick Sanchez of IGN wrote that the pilot episode "The Watchers" demonstrated "a huge leap in quality and style for the show that just keeps getting better and better by episode" and that "Season Two pretty much surpasses Season One in every way imaginable." Sanchez gave the season an overall rating of 8 out of 10.[29] Two episodes were nominated for the 1994 Golden Reel Awards in the One Hour Series category: "The Darkness" for sound editing, and "The Zone" for ADR editing.[30]  A February 1994 study by Samuel Robert Lichter, president of the Center for Media and Public Affairs, found that the second season of Highlander was the most violent syndicated show of the 1993-1994 season. According to it, there were 31 scenes of violence in the premiere episode.[31] Charret also admitted the series received adverse criticism for being too violent.[32] Abramowitz disagreed that Highlander was violent and stressed that staff writers "work very hard at having MacLeod not take pleasure in causing death."[33] Gord pointed out the non-graphic nature of violence in the show and likened Immortals to vampire mythology, saying, "The vampire sucks some blood and you stick him through the heart with a stake and nobody takes that seriously."[34] Steven Maier, executive financial consultant on the second season, noted that the beheadings in Highlander might make the show look "extremely violent", but insisted that violence could be depicted in "non-graphic ways" and was "highly stylized" in Highlander.[35]    22 episodes 8-disc set (7 DVDs and 1 CD-ROM) 1.33:1 aspect ratio English (Dolby Digital 5.1) English (Dolby Digital 2.0 Stereo) Adrian Paul audio and video commentary on "The Return of Amanda" and "Revenge of the Sword" Bill Panzer and/or David Abramowitz commentary on all episodes Lost scenes "Watcher Chronicles" : character profiles Scripts of all episodes Director and actor biographies Shooting schedules of "Studies in Light", "Turnabout" and "Unholy Alliance" Trivia game Photo gallery"
Society for the Study of Amphibians and Reptiles;" The Society for the Study of Amphibians and Reptiles (SSAR) is an international herpetological society.  It is a non-profit organization supporting education, conservation, and research related to reptiles and amphibians.  Regular publications include the Journal of Herpetology and Herpetological Review.  It is the largest international herpetological society, and is recognized worldwide for having the most diverse program of publications, meetings, and other activities.  The SSAR Conservation Committee brings conservation issues that affect reptiles and amphibians to the attention of state and federal government agencies, non-government organizations, and herpetologists worldwide. The committee serves as a liaison between the SSAR and public and private groups to provide expert advice, factual knowledge, and educational information about problems confronting amphibians and reptiles, including habitat protection, endangered, threatened, and special concern species, commercial and private use, contaminants, and priorities for conservation-oriented research.  The committee coordinates SSAR responses to proposed national and international legislation and other conservation matters involving reptiles and amphibians. Official responses are submitted for approval by the President and Secretary before public release. Chair submits annual report to Secretary prior to the annual meeting of the Board.  The SSAR also supports numerous grants programs, international exchanges and international cooperative efforts for study and publications.  The society was founded as a regional organization, The Ohio Herpetological Society (OHS), by two young but serious-minded amateurs, Kraig Adler and David M. Dennis, then 16 and 17 years of age respectively. They decided in the fall of 1957 to formalize interactions amongst a small group of amateur herpetologists throughout Ohio and began publishing a combined journal and newsletter (called the Trimonthly Report) in January 1958.[1] The name of the society was changed to The Society for the Study of Amphibians and Reptiles on January 1, 1967.  The SSAR publishes a number of books and series including:  Catalogue of American Amphibians and Reptiles Contributions to Herpetology Facsimile Reprints in Herpetology Herpetological Circulars Herpetological Conservation Herpetological Review Journal of Herpetology"
Nana Jashvili;" Nana Jashvili  (Russian: Нана Яшвили, Georgian: ნანა იაშვილი) is a well-known Georgian classical violinist of Russian tradition, born in Tbilisi, Georgia. A student and later assistant of Leonid Kogan at the Moscow conservatory, she won several competitions in Georgia and in the Soviet Union. At age 17, she won the Premier Grand Prix at the Long-Thibaud-Crespin competition in Paris,[1] where she was also awarded the Prix Spécial for her interpretation of Maurice Ravel's Tzigane. She also won the Concours Musical International de Montréal. She has performed in Russia, Georgia, Europe, Japan and Canada. She has appeared as soloist at the Concertgebouw Amsterdam, the Gewandhausorchester Leipzig, the Staatskapelle Dresden, the Orchestre de Paris,[2] the Moscow Philharmonic Orchestra and the Saint Petersburg Philharmonic Orchestra,[3] with conductors including Claudio Abbado,[4] Karl Böhm, Aleksandr Dmitriyev,[3] Valery Gergiev, Neeme Järvi, Kirill Kondrashin, Kurt Masur and Yehudi Menuhin.  Jashvili is a guest artist at the summer festivals of Bregenz, Copenhagen and Vienna. She is a professor at the Folkwang Hochschule in Essen.[5] Nana Jashvili plays a Nicolo Gagliano violin. "
Roonstrasse Synagogue;" Roonstrasse Synagogue, located in Cologne, Germany, is the only surviving of the five synagogues of the city before the Nazi era.  The Jewish community in Cologne has the longest history in Germany, being first mentioned in 321. Expelled in 1424, the Jews did not return to Cologne until 1798. In 1815 the community numbered 150, growing to 8000 in 1895, and 18,281 by 1933,[1] the largest in Germany after Berlin.[2]  The foundation stone of the Neo-Romanesque style building, designed by Cologne architects Schreiterer & Below, was laid on October 23, 1895, and the inauguration took place on March 22, 1899. Like all the other synagogues on the city it was attacked and set alight on the night of November 9, 1938, known as Kristallnacht, the nationwide attacks on Jewish businesses and synagogues. It was further damaged during World War Two, with the front portion was completely destroyed leaving only the burnt out tower and central section. Returned to the surviving Jewish community in 1945, in the late 1950s they decided to completely rebuild, as it was the only one not completely destroyed. The reconstruction was under the direction of the architect Helmut Goldschmidt, with minor changes on the outside and a simplified interior (with new leadlight windows by Lammers & Warzager), and was reopened on September 20, 1959. On Christmas Eve of that year, the Synagogue was smeared with anti-Jewish slogans by members of the far-right Deutsche Reichspartei. West German Chancellor Konrad Adenauer, who had been mayor of Cologne from 1917 until removed by the Nazi government in 1933, made the desecration the subject in his New Year's speech. Since then it has been center of Jewish community of Cologne, and consists of a community center, a small display of items associated with Cologne Jewry, and a kosher restaurant. The interior of the reconstructed synagogue has a vast blue dome.  On August 19, 2005, Pope Benedict XVI visited Roonstrasse Synagogue. This visit was the second ever visit to any synagogue by any one of the Popes. There, he condemned Nazism and antisemitism.  Postcard dated 1903  Postcard dated 1907  Interior in 1899  April 2006  Interior of the synagogue  Coordinates: 50°55′55″N 6°56′11″E﻿ / ﻿50.93194°N 6.93639°E﻿ / 50.93194, 6.93639  This article about a synagogue or other Jewish place of worship in Germany is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This article about a North Rhine-Westphalian building or structure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Initial building: 1899, 123 years ago (1899) Destroyed: 1938 Rebuilt: 1959, 63 years ago (1959)    Postcard dated 1903       Postcard dated 1907       Interior in 1899       April 2006       Interior of the synagogue    Judaism portal German language entry : Koln Synagogue History of the Jews in Cologne A page from the Time Magazine "Pope Warns of Increase in Anti-Semitism", WorldWide Religious News, David McHugh, August 19, 2005."
Haina (disambiguation);" Haina may refer to:  Haina, a municipality in the district Waldeck-Frankenberg, Hesse, Germany Haina, Gotha, a municipality in the district of Gotha, Thuringia, Germany Haina, Hildburghausen, a municipality in the district of Hildburghausen, Thuringia, Germany Bajos de Haina, a town in the Dominican Republic Haina (Haida village), a locality in British Columbia, Canada that was formerly the site of the Haida village of that name"
Saviour of the Soul;"   Saviour of the Soul (Chinese: 魔宮奇俠, released in the Philippines as The Good and the Bad) is a 1991 Hong Kong martial arts action film, directed by Corey Yuen, and starring Andy Lau, Anita Mui and Aaron Kwok.   The film adapts elements from the Japanese manga series City Hunter, including its characters, but with a mostly different plot, the manga later received an official adaptation with Jackie Chan's City Hunter in 1993.[2] Saviour of the Soul II was released in 1992, but both films are not related to each other. Saviour of the Soul is the first film produced by lead actor Lau's film company, Teamwork Motion Pictures.  Ching (Andy Lau), May-kwan (Anita Mui) and Siu-chuen (Kenny Bee) are famous mercenaries who capture wanted criminals for a living. However, they are involved in a love triangle, as Siu-chuen is in love with May-kwan and has proposed to her, but May-kwan is in love with Ching and has been expressing her feelings for him all the time. May-kwan had blinded Old Eagle (Henry Fong), a member of the Green Dragon Society, earlier and he entrust his disciple, Silver Fox (Aaron Kwok) to seek vengeance on her by paying his disciple with his life. While picking up Siu-chuen's younger sister, Wai-heung (Gloria Yip), at a train station, Ching finally decides to propose marriage to May-kwan, but Siu-chuen is killed by the Fox while trying to save May-kwan, who then blinds Fox's right eye. Under the suggestion of her older sister May-wai (Mui in a dual role), May-kwan leaves Ching claiming she needs time to forget Siu-chuen, but to really keep him from Fox's wrath. However, Ching thinks of May-kwan everyday constantly seeks her by bugging her sister. During May-kwan's absence, Ching trains Wai-heung to be his assistant while also sharpening his swordplay skills.  On the night of Wai-heung's sixteenth birthday, the Madam of Pets (Carina Lau) is holding a martial arts contest to choose her husband and May-wai tricks Ching into believing the Madam of Pets is May-kwan. Ching enters the competition without an invitation card by knocking out the Madam of Pets' guards and proceeds to defeat the top competitor, Mr. Ford (Danny Poon), but the other competitors attempt to grab the Madam of Pets for themselves. During the chaos, Ching manages to remove the veil that the Madam of Pets covers her face with and realizes she is not May-kwan and leaves which upsets the Madam of Pets. Ching then confronts May-wai for tricking him but gets knocked unconscious when she shoots him with a Suffocate Bullet. She then unsuccessfully attempts to lure Ching to New York City before Silver Fox sneaks into her house and finds out where May-kwan is as he tapped her phone line before attacking her with his Thunder Bomb. Ching, who was hiding in May-wai's house to overhear her phone call with May-kwan, comes out and May-wai finally reveals to him that his sister has been living in the flat across from his.  Ching rushes to May-kwan and also calls Wai-heung over, but is a step behind Silver Fox. During their fight, Silver Fox inhales some Horrible Angel drugs and attacks May-kwan with by going through her body, which will turn her into Fox's slave in 24 hours. Ching arrives at this moment and engages in a swordfight with Fox and brings May-kwan to the hospital after fending him off. Wai-heung, who has a crush on Ching, hears May-kwan constantly murmuring Ching's name when the latter gains conscious and tells Ching the truth that May-kwan never loved her brother and was in love with him the whole time, and is heartbroken. Ching hugs May-kwan and finally expresses his for her love while the latter also expresses how much she missed him and knowing that her time is almost up, she tells him to destroy her when she becomes a Horrible Angel before falling unconscious again. Ching then bumps into May-wai who is treating her injuries inflicted by Fox's Thunder Bomb the hospital and forces her to reveal to him that the Madam of Pets is the only person that can save May-kwan.  Ching then brings May-kwan into the palace of the Madam of Pets and begs her to save his lover. However, the Madam of Pets is still upset at Ching and forces him to kneel through a trail of shattered glass which cut his knees. Despite fulfilling her request, the Madam of Pets still refuses to save May-kwan and Ching brings May-kwan home where he had turned on the gas pipes for it to explode when she becomes a Horrible Angel so they will die together and they embrace their moments together. However, Silver Fox arrives at May-kwan's flat capturing May-wai and Wai-heung and engages in a battle with Ching where is attacks Ching with Horrible Angel a couple of times before Ching snatches the drugs from Fox and inhales it himself. As Ching gains the upper hand, the Horrible Angel in May-kwan starts to take effect and Fox commands her to attack Ching. However, Ching is able to stop this by going through May-kwan's body with his Horrible Angel then lures Fox to his flat where the gas pipes he turned on explode. While Ching is struggling with Fox, the Madam of Pets and her followers arrive and save May-kwan from the explosion and also giving her the antidote to the Horrible Angel and claims to have save her so she will never be Ching, while in actuality she gave her an extra antidote for Ching, who survives the explosion as he took cover under a bathtub. Ching and May-kwan leaves and they roam the world together as a couple.  Saviour of the Soul was released in Hong Kong on 19 December 1991. In the Philippines, the film was released by First Films as The Good and the Bad on 23 September 1993, Andy Lau is credited in local posters as "Ricky Chan."[3][4]  Corey Yuen David Lai Jeffrey Lau Jeffrey Lau Wong Kar-wai[1] David Lai Jessica Chan Andy Lau Anita Mui Aaron Kwok Peter Pau Lee Tak-wai Simon Li Poon Hung Hai Kit-wai Anthony Lun Tang Siu-lam 19 December 1991 (1991-12-19) Andy Lau as Ching (逞哥), a mercenary who is a skilled martial artist and ace marksman, wielding a retractable sword, along with a magnum revolver as his sidearm. Although deeply in love with May-kwan, he has always been embarrassed to express his love for her. Anita Mui as Yiu May-kwan (姚美君), Ching's love interest who is a fellow mercenary specializing in throwing and uses explosive Super Daggers (砲彈飛刀), and Magnetic Tailing (金屬追蹤器), which attracts the daggers to the target. also portrays Yiu May-wai (姚美惠), May-kwan's unfortunate older twin sister who considers Ching a jinx as she always gets hurt everytime she sees him. May-wai is also the inventor of Suffocate Bullets (窒息子彈), which shoots out fumes that can knock out the victim who inhales it. also portrays Yiu May-wai (姚美惠), May-kwan's unfortunate older twin sister who considers Ching a jinx as she always gets hurt everytime she sees him. May-wai is also the inventor of Suffocate Bullets (窒息子彈), which shoots out fumes that can knock out the victim who inhales it. Aaron Kwok as Silver Fox (銀狐), the disciple of Old Eagle who was entrusted by his mentor to seek revenge on May-kwan and wages a personal vendetta against her when she blinds his right eye with a dagger. His most powerful weapon are Horrible Angel (恐怖天使) drugs which he inhales and allows him to go through his victims and transform them into his slaves in 24 hours. Gloria Yip as Wai-heung (惠香), Siu-chuen's younger sister who studied in Macau and a talented baseball player. After her brother dies, Ching trains her to be his assistant and she falls in love with him. Kenny Bee as Siu-chuen (小村), a mercenary who is Ching and May-kwan's associate and also an ace marksman, wielding a Desert Eagle as his weapon. He is in love with the latter and had proposed to her, but his feelings are not reciprocated as she loves Ching. Carina Lau as Madam of Pets (寵物夫人), a doctor who possess remarkable medical skills. She hides her face in a veil and would only reveal her face to a man that would marry her and is bitter towards Ching as he is the first man to see her face but refuses to marry her. Corey Yuen as Invisible Doctor (隱形博士) / Horrible Doctor (恐怖博士), a scientist who invented invisible chemicals, which gave him the former name, and the Horrible Angel drugs, which gave him the latter name. He only appears in the extended Taiwanese version where he hired Ching and Siu-chuen to transport and invisible guard snake of the Egyptian pyramids back home. Danny Poon as Mr. Ford (霍都), one of the competitors fighting to marry the Madam of Pets who was almost the champion until he was defeated and humiliated by Ching. Henry Fong as Old Eagle (老鷹), Silver Fox's mentor who blinded by May-kwan's and imprisoned after failing his mission to assassinate Princess Yuki for the Green Dragon Society. After Silver Fox breaks out of a maximum security prison, he entrusts his disciple to avenge him and repays the favor by taking his own life. Poon Fong-fong Maggie Chan as Elder Sister (婆婆), the Madam of Pets' second in command. Yip San Joanna Chan Matthew Wong Andy Lau filmography Anita Mui filmography Aaron Kwok filmography"
Madawaska Seignory;" The Madawaska Seignory (French: seigneurie de Madawaska) was a seignory during the French colonisation of New France. It was located in present-day Témiscouata Regional County Municipality in Bas-Saint-Laurent.  An order dated August 18, 1708 mentioned the name "seigneurie de Madaouska" for this seignory.[1]  The Madawaska Seignory was first granted to Charles Aubert de La Chesnaye on November 25, 1683.[1] It measured three leagues along the Madawaska River and extended two leagues away from the river.[1] Its territory included the Lake Témiscouata.[1]  Coordinates: 47°42′00″N 68°42′00″W﻿ / ﻿47.7000°N 68.7000°W﻿ / 47.7000, -68.7000 "
Shintaro Yamada;"   Shintaro Yamada (山田 親太朗, Yamada Shintarō) born July 10, 1986 in Onna, Okinawa, is a Japanese fashion model, actor, and singer. He is the younger brother of Yu Yamada.[1][2] His modeling credits include appearing in Men's Non-No and Popeye. He is the leader of the Quiz! Hexagon II singing group Sata Andagi.[3] On July 4, 2021, he announced his retirement from the entertainment industry in 2020.[4]    This article about a Japanese actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. View a machine-translated version of the Japanese article. Machine translation, like DeepL or Google Translate, is a useful starting point for translations, but translators must revise errors as necessary and confirm that the translation is accurate, rather than simply copy-pasting machine-translated text into the English Wikipedia. Consider adding a topic to this template: there are already 3,230 articles in the main category, and specifying|topic= will aid in categorization. Do not translate text that appears unreliable or low-quality. If possible, verify the text with references provided in the foreign-language article. You must provide copyright attribution in the edit summary accompanying your translation by providing an interlanguage link to the source of your translation. A model attribution edit summary is Content in this edit is translated from the existing Japanese Wikipedia article at [[:ja:山田親太朗]], see its history for attribution. You should also add the template {{Translated|ja|山田親太朗}} to the talk page. For more guidance, see Wikipedia:Translation. Yamada Tarō Monogatari (TBS, 2007), Masaki Ando Yukan Club (NTV, 2007), Kasumi Ura[5] Saitō-san (NTV, 2008), Masayoshi Yanagawa[6] My Sassy Girl (TBS, 2008), Moichi Gotō[7] Innocent Love (Fuji TV, 2008)[8] Hanazakari no Kimitachi e (Fuji TV, 2011), Kyōgo Sekime[9] Sprout (NTV, 2012), Seiji Okunuki[10] Kamen Teacher (NTV, 2013), Shūsaku Endō[11] Hell Teacher Nūbē (NTV, 2014), Haruo Watari[12] Sakigake!! Otokojuku (2008), Ryūji Toramaru[13] Rookies: Graduation (2009) Ryujin Mabuyer the Movie: Nanatsu no Mabui (2012), Uruma/Ryujin Mabuyer[14] Kamen Teacher (2014), Tōyama Shunsaku"
Joseph Campot;"   Joseph Campot (2 November 1886 – 11 June 1970) was a French rower.[1] He competed in the men's eight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.[2]    This biographical article relating to French rowing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
1982 Comorian legislative election;"  Member State of the Arab League  Parliamentary elections were held in the Comoros on 7 March 1982, following the early dissolution of the Federal Assembly by President Ahmed Abdallah on 25 January. There were 38 constituencies (18 on Grande Comore, 15 on Anjouan and 5 on Mohéli), each of which elected a single member.[1] In February the Comorian Union for Progress had been created as the sole legal party, and its candidates won 37 of the 38 seats.  Eighteen seats were won outright on election day, whilst a second round was held in the remaining 20 constituencies where no candidate won more than 50% of the vote on 14 March.[1]  President Azali Assoumani Assembly of the Union Island assemblies Supreme Court Recent elections Presidential: 20162019 Parliamentary: 20152020 Presidential: 2016 2019 Parliamentary: 2015 2020 Political partiesPoliticians Political parties Politicians Foreign relations Human rights Other countries v t e"
Waed Bouhassoun;" Waed Bouhassoun (Arabic: وعد بوحسون) is a Syrian singer and oud player. She has released four solo albums of traditional Syrian music, and toured internationally since 2010. She is a founding instructor-performer for the project "Orpheus XXI – Music for life and dignity," supporting refugee musicians in Europe. In 2018, she was made a chevalier (knight) in the French Ordre des Arts et des Lettres.[1]  Bouhassoun was born in 1979,[2] and grew up in Shaqqa,[3] a small Druze village near As-Suwayda in Southern Syria.[4]: 2  She began playing the oud at age seven, taught by her father.[4]: 3  In high school, she began to play in regional competitions, and by age 18 had travelled widely in Syria as a performer.[4]: 4   She then entered the Higher Institute of Music in Damascus, where she studied for three years.[4]: 5  There were no courses in Eastern singing, so she studied opera.[2] She was asked to learn a Western instrument to play in the Syrian National Symphony Orchestra, but continued to study the oud instead.[2]  In 2005, Bouhassoun had her first performance in France, at the Festival de l’imaginaire ("Festival of the Imaginary"), where she sang and played the oud as part of a play.[4]: 6  To prepare for a solo performance at the next Festival de l’imaginaire, Bouhassoun travelled to Aleppo to train further as a singer wth traditional musicians.[4]: 8  In 2007, Bouhassoun was invited to perform at the Festival of Sacred World Music in Fez, Morocco.[4]: 5   In 2010, Bouhassoun moved to Paris to begin a masters' degree in ethnomusicology researching Syrian Druze funerals, supervised by the ethnomusicologist Jean Lambert.[4]: 13  As of 2016, she was a doctoral student in ethnomusicology at Paris Nanterre University, and a member of the Center for Research in Ethnomusicology [fr] (CREM).[5]  Beginning in 2016, Bouhassoun was one of the founding instructor-performers for the project "Orpheus XXI – Music for life and dignity," a program led by Jordi Savall to support refugees in Europe with traditional music training.[6] The program was funded by the European Commission as part of the Creative Europe Programme on 29 September 2016.[7] The project provides employment for refugee musicians, and teaches refugee children traditional music from their countries of origin, allowing for the preservation of cultural heritage and positive personal opportunities for participants.[7] The first concerts took place in the summer of 2017, featuring Bouhassoun on the oud.[6]  In 2018, Bouhassoun was made a chevalier (knight) in the French Ordre des Arts et des Lettres (Order of Arts and letters).[1]  Bouhassoun remains based in Paris, but continues to return to Syria annually to visit family and research ethnomusicology.[8]  Bouhassoun is an alto.[3] She has released four solo albums, each featuring little more than her own voice and oud-playing. Her music has been praised for preserving Syria's rich cultural history,[8][2] and for the intimate, minimalist beauty of her songs.[9] Her third album, La voix de la passion (The Voice of Passion), features Nabatean Bedouin dialect poetry from the North of Syria where she has conducted field surveys for her masters' degree.[4]: 18  Bouhassoun has also contributed to three albums published by Jordi Savall.[4]: 17   La voix de l’amour (A Voice for Love) (2009), released by the Arab World Institute[4]: 11  and distributed by Harmonia Mundi – selected as a "coup de coeur" for the year by the Académie Charles Cros.[4]: 11  L'âme du luth (The Soul of the Lute) (2014), Buda Musique – named a "coup de coeur" by the Académie Charles Cros [4]: 12  La voix de la passion (The Voice of Passion) (2017), Buda Musique. Les ames retrouvees (Souls Found) (2019), Buda Musique. Orient Occident II - Homage to Syria (2013), Alia Vox. Ramon Llull (2016), Alia Vox. Granada (2016), Alia Vox."
Ignacio Hirigoyen;" Ignacio Hirigoyen (born 23 January 1976) is a former professional tennis player from Argentina.[1]  Hirigoyen was an NCAA All-American for the Southern Methodist University (SMU) in 1999. His 34 singles wins that year was a SMU record.[2]  He defeated Peru's Luis Horna at the 2001 Cerveza Club Colombia Open, then lost in the second round to Fernando Vicente.[3] This was his only win on the ATP Tour.[3]  Hirigoyen has two daughters and a wife and currently resides in Dallas, Texas. He is also a lawyer. "
Antonio del Río;" Antonio del Río (c. 1745 – c. 1789) was a captain who led the first excavation of the Mayan ruins of Palenque in Chiapas, Mexico.  The expedition was undertaken in 1787 for Charles III of Spain, following reports of the ruins from native inhabitants.  It took the team two weeks to dig, and it then spent three weeks studying the site.  He was accompanied by Ricardo Almendáriz who created drawings of the ruins still considered scientifically useful.    This article related to indigenous Mesoamerican culture is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. "Archaeological Illustration in the Americas: Highlights from the Dumbarton Oaks Research Library and Collection" (PDF online publication). Past Presented: A Symposium on the History of Archaeological Illustration. 2009 Dumbarton Oaks Pre-Columbian Symposium, 9–10 October 2009, Dumbarton Oaks, Washington DC. Bibliographic notes by Joanne Pillsbury, Emily Kline, and Bridget Gazzo. Washington, DC: Dumbarton Oaks Research Library and Collection. October 2009. Retrieved 2009-11-13.{{cite conference}}:  CS1 maint: others (link) García Sáiz, María Concepción (1994). "Antonio del Río y Guillermo Dupaix: el reconocimiento de una deuda histórica" (PDF online reproduction, Universidad de La Rioja). Anales del Museo de América (in Spanish). Madrid: Museo de América, Ministerio de Cultura. 2: 99–119. ISSN 1133-8741. OCLC 445101005. Río, Antonio del (1822) [1786].  Paul Felix Cabrera (ed.). Description of the Ruins of an Ancient City, discovered near Palenque, in the Kingdom of Guatemala, in Spanish America: Translated from the original manuscript report of captain Don Antonio del Río: Followed by Teatro Crítico Americano, or, A critical investigation and research into The History of the Americans. Translated by Paul Felix Cabrera. London: Henry Berthoud, and Suttaby, Evance and Fox. OCLC 55254809. Stuart, George E. (2007). "492. Almendáriz, Ricardo, fl. ca. 1787".  In Arthur Dunkelman (ed.). The Jay I. Kislak Collection at the Library of Congress: a catalog of the gift of the Jay I. Kislak Foundation to the Library of Congress (PDF online reproduction). With essays by Ralph E. Ehrenberg, Norman Fiering, John Lombardi, Jerald T. Milanich, Robert J. Sharer, and George E. Stuart. Washington, DC: Library of Congress. pp. 154–156. ISBN 978-0-8444-1180-4. OCLC 177817935. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2011-06-04. Retrieved 2009-11-14. Works by or about Antonio del Río in libraries (WorldCat catalog) ISNI 1 1 VIAF 1 1 WorldCat (via VIAF) France (data) Germany United States Faceted Application of Subject Terminology Social Networks and Archival Context v t e"
2022 FK Bodø/Glimt season;" The 2022 FK Bodø/Glimt season is the club's 106th season in its existence and the fifth consecutive season in the Eliteserien. In addition to the domestic season, Bodø/Glimt are participating in the Norwegian Cup and the UEFA Europa League.  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.    Win   Draw   Loss   Fixtures  Last updated: 27 August 2022 Source: Soccerway  Last updated: 1 October 2022. Source: Eliteserien  The draw for the second qualifying round was held on 14 June 2022.  The draw for the second qualifying round was held on 15 June 2022.  The draw for the third qualifying round was held on 18 July 2022.  The draw for the play-off round was held on 2 August 2022.  The draw for the group stage was held on 26 August 2022.   v t e Pellegrino  63' (pen.) Espejord  70' Børkeeiet  16'  75' Holm  24' Jensen  42' Tagseth  55' Reitan  62' Vega  67'  68' Singh  90' Boniface  13' Saltnes  76' Solbakken  36' Saltnes  40' Høibråten  61' Espejord  62' Vetlesen  71'  73'  78' Bjørdal  86' (pen.) Tripić  26' Brekalo  65' Sebulonsen  67' Sandberg  80' Friðjónsson  90' Boniface  59'  74' Vetlesen  71' Sampsted  82' Høibråten  90+5' Adams  32' Mathew  56' Pettersson  73' Knudsen  85' Koomson  37' Sørli  70' Mvuka  90+3' Jenssen  28' Vesterlund  53' Gundersen  71' Sande  47' Sørli  8' Espejord  31' Pellegrino  32'  66' Sampsted  90+1' Pellegrino  4' Moe  29' Hagen  56' Hove  36' Friday  82' Grødem  4' Mannsverk  39' Risa  47' Fofana  60' Eikrem  64' Høibråten  77' (o.g.) Mvuka  66' Kartum  44' Aasbak  87' Pellegrino  53'  72' Saltnes  55' Wembangomo  45+1'  89' Solbakken  55' Pellegrino  76' Čanađija  42' Kallevåg  55' Jevtović  19'  78' Jørgensen  52' Wallem  59' Stensrud  75' Bjørtuft  84' Ruud  90+9' (pen.) Pellegrino  29' Høibråten  54' Sery Larsen  72' Amundsen  90+7' Vetlesen  21'  29' Saltnes  44' Boniface  63'  90+1' (pen.) Skålevik  1' Soltvedt  24' Maigaard  29' Halvorsen  90+4' Melgalvis  32' Eriksen  80' Pellegrino  77'  82' Pellegrino  40'  72' (pen.) Boniface  14', 79' Saltnes  29' Mugisha  73' Hagen  16', 45' Koomson  25' Amundsen  42', 62' Saltnes  90' Boniface  11', 31', 58' (pen.) Mikkelsen  12' J. Andreasen  20', 85' Boniface  55' (pen.) Millar  83' Vetlesen  7' Boniface  21' (pen.) Pellegrino  25', 54' (pen.) Saltnes  29' Espejord  52', 88' Sampsted  73' Vetlesen  33' (pen.) Pellegrino  36' Salvesen  58' Høibråten  61' Espejord  90+3' Kyeremeh  39' Mvuka  51' Pellegrino  37' Oršić  4' Petković  35' Drmić  117' Bočkaj  120' Grønbæk  70' v t e Gakpo  56'  62' Simons  90+4' Grønbæk  44' Berg  48' Amundsen  74' Haikin  90+1' Lode  17' Selnæs  54' (o.g.) Vetlesen  58' Selnæs  51' Tosin  60' Avdijaj  81' Nketiah  23' Holding  27' Xhaka  41' Fábio Vieira  84' Wembangomo  33' Sampsted  53' Vetlesen  66' Saka  24',  30' Partey  89' Turner  90+2'"
Dermacentor variabilis;"   Dermacentor variabilis, also known as the American dog tick or wood tick, is a species of tick that is known to carry bacteria responsible for several diseases in humans, including Rocky Mountain spotted fever and tularemia (Francisella tularensis). It is one of the best-known hard ticks. Diseases are spread when it sucks blood from the host. It may take several days for the host to experience symptoms.  Though D. variabilis may be exposed to Borrelia burgdorferi, the causative agent of Lyme disease,[1] these ticks are not competent vectors for the transmission of this disease.[2][3][4] The primary vectors for B. burgdorferi are the deer ticks Ixodes scapularis in eastern parts of the United States, Ixodes pacificus in California and Oregon, and Ixodes ricinus in Europe. D. variabilis may also carry Anaplasma phagocytophilum, the causative agent of human granulocytic anaplasmosis, and Ehrlichia chaffeensis, the causative agent of human monocytic ehrlichiosis.[1][5]  Dermacentor ticks may also induce tick paralysis by elaboration of a neurotoxin that induces rapidly progressive flaccid quadriparesis similar to Guillain–Barré syndrome. The neurotoxin prevents presynaptic release of acetylcholine from neuromuscular junctions.  The life cycle of ticks can vary depending on the species. Most ticks go through four stages: egg, six-legged larva, eight-legged nymph, and adult. After hatching from the egg, a tick must obtain a blood meal at every stage to survive. Ticks can feed on mammals, birds, reptiles, and amphibians. Unlike most tick species, D. variabilis prefers the same host during all of its life stages.[6]  Female on human skin  Male on human skin  Within North America, the normal range is in the eastern part of the continent, with some reports in California. At the northernmost extent of its geographical range, in Nova Scotia and Massachusetts, ticks are active from April to August, with a peak in May to June.[7] In coastal Virginia, the adults are active from April to September or October, with peaks in May and July.[7] Seasonal activity in Ohio is from late April to September, with peaks in May to June and another smaller peak in August to September.[7] In Georgia, adults are active from late March to August, with peaks in early May, late May, and late June.[7] Florida adult activity is from April to July, with activity being restricted by high summer temperatures and low winter humidity.[7]  Feeding ticks transmit pathogens to the host. Depending on the tick species and its stage of life, preparing to feed can take from 10 minutes to 2 hours.[6] When the tick finds a feeding spot, it grasps the skin and cuts into the surface, where it then inserts its feeding tube.[6] Many species also secrete a cement-like substance that keeps them firmly attached during the meal.[6] The feeding tube can have barbs to help keep the tick in place.[6] Ticks also can secrete small amounts of saliva with anesthetic properties so that the animal or person cannot feel that the tick has attached itself.[6] Therefore, unless one feels the tick crawling, noticing the tick is difficult. If the tick is in a sheltered spot, it can go unnoticed and can slowly suck the blood for several days. If the host animal has a blood-borne infection, the tick will ingest the pathogens with the blood.[6] Small amounts of saliva from the tick may also enter the skin of the host animal during the feeding process.[6] If the tick contains a pathogen, the organism may be transmitted to the host animal in this way.[6] After feeding, most ticks drop off and prepare for the next life stage.[6] At its next feeding, it can then transmit an acquired disease to the new host.[6]  Symptoms of Rocky Mountain spotted fever appear within 3-12 days, usually beginning with a sudden onset of fever and headache, and frequently followed 2-4 days later by a rash around the wrists and ankles that moves slowly up to the rest of the body. Other symptoms include nausea, loss of appetite, abdominal pain, or muscle aches. Rocky Mountain spotted fever can be fatal within days of symptoms beginning, if left untreated.[8] In dogs additional symptoms may include lethargy, blood in the urine, irregular heartbeat, discolored spots on the skin (often bruised or purplish in color), inability to walk normally, loss of coordination, swelling or edema in the limbs, sudden bleeding from the nose or in the stools, difficulty with blood clotting, swollen lymph nodes, pain in the eyes, inflammation, hemorrhage, or conjunctivitis in the mucosal membranes.[9]  Symptoms of tularemia usually appear within 3–5 days, but can appear as late as 21 days after transmission. Oftentimes, patients experience chills, swollen lymph nodes, and an ulceration at the site of the bite.[10]  A tick bite does not automatically transfer diseases to the host. Instead, the tick must be attached to the host for a period of time, generally 6–8 hours[10] but sometimes as little as 3–6 hours,[11] before it is capable of transferring disease. The earlier the tick is removed from a host, the less likely it is to contract the illness.  The American dog tick is commonly found in highly wooded, shrubby, and long-grass areas. Tick numbers can be reduced by cutting the grass, which creates a low-humidity environment, which is undesirable to ticks. Pesticides can also be used and are most effective when applied to vegetation that has been cut to a short level.[10] Doxycycline is the medication of choice to treat Rocky Mountain spotted fever in dogs.[12] Doxycycline is given for 7–21 days dependent on the dosage.[12] Tetracycline is effective and administered more frequently, being given for 14–21 days.[12] Other antibiotic choices include enrofloxacin and chloramphenicol.[12] Veterinary-approved flea and tick preparations[13] are recommended, along with other topicals, collars,[14] and shampoos.[15] Regularly checking dogs and oneself for ticks after hiking or playing in grassy areas and removing ticks as soon as possible decrease the chances a dog will contract a secondary illness carried by the tick.[15] Tweezers are the most common removal method, but fine-point tweezers are best to avoid tearing the tick and spreading possible infectious agents in the bite area.[11] Spread the dog’s fur, grasp the tick as close to the skin as possible, and very gently pull straight upward in a slow, steady motion.[11] Another removal method is a tick removal hook: one places the prongs of the device on either side of the tick and twists upward.[11] Tick removal hooks are recommended in areas where ticks are common.[11] Removing the tick with fingers is never a good idea because squeezing to grasp the tick could potentially inject more infectious material.[11] Apply rubbing alcohol to the bite area afterward to thoroughly clean the wound.[11]     Female on human skin       Male on human skin    Rhipicephalus sanguineus (Latreille, 1806) – brown dog tick Ticks of domestic animals"
William Longespée, 3rd Earl of Salisbury;"   William Longespée, 3rd Earl of Salisbury (born in or before 1167 – 7 March 1226) ("Long Sword", Latinised to de Longa Spatha) was an Anglo-Norman nobleman, primarily remembered for his command of the English forces at the Battle of Damme and for remaining loyal to his half-brother, King John. His nickname "Longespée" is generally taken as a reference to his great physical height and the oversize weapons that he used.[3][4]  William was an illegitimate son of Henry II, King of England. His mother was unknown for many years until the discovery of a charter William made that mentions "Comitissa Ida, mater mea" (Countess Ida, my mother).[5][6] This referred to Ida de Tosny, a member of the prominent Tosny (or Toesny) family, who had married Roger Bigod, 2nd Earl of Norfolk[7] in 1181.  King Henry acknowledged William as his son and gave him the honour of Appleby, Lincolnshire, in 1188. Eight years later, his half brother King Richard I married him to a great heiress, Ela of Salisbury, 3rd Countess of Salisbury, and granted him the title and lands of the earldom.[8]  During the reign of King John, Salisbury was at court on several important ceremonial occasions and held various offices: High Sheriff of Wiltshire, lieutenant of Gascony, constable of Dover, and Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, and later warden of the Welsh Marches. He was appointed sheriff of Cambridgeshire and Huntingdonshire about 1213.  Charter witness lists place him in Normandy during Richard I's campaigns to recover lands seized by King Philip II whilst the king of England had been away on crusade. In 1205, William was sent to Poitou to command a small force of knights alongside John's bastard son, Geoffrey, after John's plans for a full scale expedition were squashed.[9] Salisbury was a commander in the king's Welsh and Irish expeditions of 1210–1212 and was appointed Viceroy of Ireland, jointly with John de Gray, Bishop of Norwich, when the king left for England in 1210.[10] The king also granted him the honour of Eye in Suffolk.  In 1213, Salisbury led a large fleet to Flanders, where he seized or destroyed a good part of a French invasion fleet anchored at or near Damme. This ended the invasion threat but not the conflicts between England and France. In 1214, Salisbury was sent to help Otto IV of Germany, an English ally, who was invading France. Salisbury commanded the right wing of the army at their disastrous defeat in that year at the Battle of Bouvines, where he was captured.[11]  By the time he returned to England, revolt was brewing amongst the barons. Salisbury was one of the few who remained loyal to John, except for a few months in 1216. In the civil war that took place the year after the signing of the Magna Carta, Salisbury was one of the leaders of the king's army in the south. He was made High Sheriff of Wiltshire again, this time for life. After raising the siege of Lincoln with William Marshall he was also appointed High Sheriff of Lincolnshire (in addition to his current post as High Sheriff of Somerset) and governor of Lincoln castle. However, after the French prince Louis (later Louis VIII) landed as an ally of the rebels, Salisbury went over to his side. Presumably, he thought John's cause was lost.[11]  After John's death and the departure of Louis, Salisbury, along with many other barons, joined the cause of John's young son, now Henry III of England. He held an influential place in the government during the king's minority and fought in Gascony to help secure the remaining part of the English continental possessions. He was appointed High Sheriff of Devon in 1217 and High Sheriff of Staffordshire and Shropshire in 1224. Salisbury's ship was nearly lost in a storm while returning to England in 1225, and he spent some months in refuge at a monastery on the French island of Ré.[11]  Salisbury died not long after his return to England at Salisbury Castle. Roger of Wendover alleged that he was poisoned by Hubert de Burgh.[12] One reliable source, however, states that "there is little evidence [of murder] aside from Roger of Wendover's account in Flores Historiarum".[13]  He was buried at Salisbury Cathedral in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England.[11]  Salisbury's tomb was opened in 1791. Bizarrely, the well-preserved corpse of a rat which carried traces of arsenic, was found inside his skull.[14] The rat is now on display in Salisbury Cathedral.  A terracotta statue of Salisbury, dating from 1756, is located in the Great Hall of Lacock Abbey in Lacock, Wiltshire, England. A likeness of his wife Ela is also on display, while several other statues are believed to show their children.  The 1762 novel Longsword by Irish writer Thomas Leland was based on his life, which itself inspired the 1767 play The Countess of Salisbury by Hartson Hall that premiered at the Haymarket Theatre in London.  By his wife Ela, Countess of Salisbury, Salisbury had the following children:[15]  William II Longespée (1212?–1250), who was sometimes called Earl of Salisbury but never legally bore the title because he died before his mother, Countess Ela, who held the earldom until her death in 1261. He married Idoine de Camville. Stephen Longespée (died 1260), who was seneschal of Gascony and Justiciar of Ireland, married Emeline de Ridelsford, widow of Hugh de Lacy, 1st Earl of Ulster. Richard Longespée, a canon of Salisbury. Nicholas Longespée (died 1297), bishop of Salisbury. Isabel Longespée, who married Sir William de Vesci. Ela Longespée, who first married Thomas de Beaumont, 6th Earl of Warwick, and then married Philip Basset. No issue. Ida Longespée, married firstly Ralph de Somery of Dudley. They had no children. She married secondly William de Beauchamp, Baron of Bedford, by whom she had seven children.[16] Mary Longespée, married. No issue. Pernel Longespée."
Center for Integrated Management of Antimicrobial Resistance;" The Stuart B. Levy Center for Integrated Management of Antimicrobial Resistance is a center for research and education focusing on pathogens that exhibit antimicrobial resistance located at Tufts University and Tufts Medical Center.[1]  Tufts University and the Tufts Medical Center founded the Center for Integrated Management of Antimicrobial Resistance (CIMAR) in 2018. The CIMAR was established in order to provide a response to "superbug" epidemics.[2] The founding co-directors of the center were Helen Boucher and Ralph Isberg.[2][3] The center was renamed in honor of Stuart B. Levy in 2020.[4][5] Researchers associated with the Levy CIMAR include Maya Nadimpalli.[6] "
Foggy Dew (English song);" "Foggy Dew" or "Foggy, Foggy Dew" is an English folk song with a strong presence in the South of England and the Southern United States in the nineteenth century. The song describes the outcome of an affair between a weaver and a girl he courted. It is cataloged as Laws No. O03 and Roud Folk Song Index No. 558. It has been recorded by many traditional singers including Harry Cox, and a diverse range of musicians including Benjamin Britten, Burl Ives, A.L. Lloyd and Ye Vagabonds have arranged and recorded popular versions of the song.  The song is a ballad, first published on a broadside in the early nineteenth century.[1] Cecil Sharp collected eight versions of the song,[2] particularly in Somerset, England, but also in the United States.[3] Early versions of the song refer to her fear of the "bugaboo" rather than the foggy dew,[4] as do many recent traditional American versions. In these older versions, an apprentice seduces his master's daughter with the help of a friend disguised as a ghost ("bugaboo"). "Bugaboo" changed to "the foggy dew", which seems to have sent the song in different directions.   Peter Kennedy, who collected several traditional English versions, has suggested that "Foggy Dew" is "an Englishman's attempt to pronounce the Irish orocedhu, which means “dark”, or “black night”...", but also points to James Reeves' observation that "foggy" in Middle English refers to "coarse, rank marsh grass" whilst “dew” represents virginity or chastity.[5]  A.L. Lloyd wrote the following about the nature of the song and its regional variants:  "This true-life story is known in many forms. Sometimes the girl is frightened by a ghost: the “bugaboo”. Sometimes she seems disturbed by the weather: the “foggy dew”. Some say the foggy dew is a virginity symbol, others say the words are there by accident or corruption, and all the girl was pretending to be frightened of was ghosts. Whatever the case, she creeps to the roving bachelor for comfort, and gets what she came for. The Irish have it as a sentimental piece of blarney, the Scots as a brief bawdy guffaw, students have coarsened the song, and Benjamin Britten has refined it. The East Anglian country-folk have it straightest, and sing it without a laugh or a tear or a nudge in the ribs, just as it happened. The Foggy Dew is known all over Britain, yet rarely seen in its full form in print, which is odd, for the song is eminently decent in its best traditional forms. It's not a drinking song, but it's often sung in drinking places."[5]  The following lyrics are the first two verses as sung by Norfolk farmworker and traditional singer Harry Cox in 1953: As I was an old bachelor I followed a roving trade  And all the harm that ever I done I courted a servant maid.  I courted her one summer season and part of the winter, too,  And many a time I rolled my love all over the foggy dew.   One night as I laid in my bed, a-taking my balm of sleep,  This pretty fair maid came to me, and how bitterly she did weep.  She wept, she mourned, she tore her hair, crying, “Alas, what shall I do?  This night I resolved to sleep with you, for fear of the foggy dew.”[5] The East Anglian version of the song (which inspired A.L. Lloyd and Ye Vagabonds) appears to have been particularly popular. A.L. Lloyd recorded Douglas Morling of Eastbridge, Suffolk singing this variant in 1938 or 1939.[6] Harry Cox was recorded singing this version of the song on different occasions in 1953 by Alan Lomax[7] (available online via the Alan Lomax archive[8]) and Peter Kennedy.[9] Alec Bloomfield of Benhall, Suffolk was also recorded by Kennedy in 1952,[10] and the recording can be heard on the British Library Sound Archive website.[11]  The tune used in these East Anglian versions was also used by Robert Burns from Ye Banks and Braes of Bonnie Doon. Peter Kennedy suggests that Burns may have heard the tune used in a "Border version", despite the fact that it seems particular to the East Anglian region.[5] The tune has also been used for other traditional songs in Scotland, such as a recording of Maggie Stewart (Aunt of Jeannie Robertson) singing her version of Sir Hugh.[12]  Other tunes have been recorded across England, particularly in the South,[13] including two versions which can be heard via the Vaughan Williams Memorial Library from Sussex and Surrey.[14][15]  The song was less frequently found in Scotland and Ireland. Willie Mathieson of Aberdeenshire, Scotland was recorded by Hamish Henderson singing a traditional version in 1952, with lyrics very similar to many English versions, which can be heard on Tobar an Dualchais.[16]  A few traditional recordings have been made in the United States under the title of "The Bugaboo" and "The Foggy Dew", including those of Georgia Ann Griffin (1937),[17] Dan Tate (1960)[18] and Doug Wallin (1992-1993)[19] in the Appalachian region, two recordings made by Alan Lomax in Michigan which can be heard on the Library of Congress website,[20][21] and a version recorded in 1940 by Helen Hartness Flanders of Lena Bourne Fish of New Hampshire.[22]  Benjamin Britten arranged a version of the song for voice and piano in 1942.[23] Britten's arrangement was a Suffolk variant, extremely similar to a traditional version sung by a Mrs. Saunders of Lingfield, Surrey in 1960 (audio available via Vaughan Williams Memorial Library).[24] BBC Radio restricted broadcast of the song to programmes covering folk tunes or the works of Britten because of its suggestive nature.[25] The tune is a late 18th- or early 19th-century revision of "When I First Came to Court", licensed in 1689. [26][27]  Burl Ives popularized a version of the song called "The Foggy, Foggy Dew" in the United States in the 1940s, and was once jailed in Mona, Utah, for singing it in public, when authorities deemed it a bawdy song. He claimed that a version dated to colonial America.[28]  A.L. Lloyd recorded a cover version of the song in 1956 after learning it from Douglas Morling of Eastbridge, Suffolk,[6] a typical East Anglian version similar to those of Harry Cox and Alex Bloomfield listed above. A.L. Lloyd's recording inspired a popular 2019 version by Ye Vagabonds, who released it as the second track on their album The Hare's Lament.  Other prominent artists including Ewan MacColl (1958) and Shirley Collins (1958) recorded versions of the song. "
Glenroy Bros., (no. 2);" Glenroy Bros., (no. 2), also known as Comic Boxing: The Glenroy Brothers is an 1894 silent film from Edison Studios. It is about 27 seconds long and shows the Glenroy Brothers boxing.    This article about a short silent documentary film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Film at Library of Congress Glenroy Brothers on YouTube v t e"
Walter Worboys;"   Sir Walter John Worboys (22 February 1900 – 17 March 1969), was an Australian-born British businessman and chemist. He is best known for widely reforming road traffic signage, and the creator of the transport font used around the world to this day.  pre-Worboys sign  post-Worboys sign  He was born in Perth, Western Australia,[1] and educated at Scotch College and the University of Western Australia. Elected a Rhodes Scholar in 1922, he gained his D.Phil. after a further period of study at Lincoln College, Oxford.[2] His first job was as a research chemist at Brunner Mond & Co. From there he moved to ICI, eventually reaching the rank of director.  In 1947 he joined the Council of Industrial Design, a body set up by the Board of Trade in 1944. He was chairman of the council from 1953 until 1960, during which time he set up the Design Centre, a permanent exhibition of the council’s work. The establishment of the Design Centre proved to be a turning point in the history of the council, which until that time had attracted more critics than friends.[3]  In 1961 he was appointed to chair a committee to bring in a new era of modern road signage.[3] The committee reported in 1963,[4] advocating a total overhaul of the style of British road signs, introducing a new style that has lasted until the present day. The report recommended the pictorial design found on many European road signs, along with a British-designed font that was to become known as the Transport font.[5]  Worboys died on 17 March 1969.[6]  This Australian business biography is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.    pre-Worboys sign       post-Worboys sign    Business and economics portal"
Peter Leitl;"   Peter Leitl (born 11 June 1948) is an Austrian football manager and former player.    This biographical article related to association football in Austria, about a defender, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Peter Leitl at WorldFootball.net v t e Nicholson (1897–00) Hayes (1912–13) Studnicka (1920–22) Kohn (?) Frithum (1926–35) Gschweidl (1935–48) Blum (1938–45) Rainer (1948–49) Hofmann (1949–50) Decker (1951–52) Hahnemann (1952–53) Hofmann (1953–58) Fischer (1958–59) Molzer (1960) Gernhardt (1960–62) Engelmeier (1962–64) Körner (1964–67) Koller (1968) Hofstätter (1968–69) Hložek (1969–71) Franz (1972–73) Walzhofer (1973–78) Velhorn (1978) Beara (1979) Leitner (1979–80) Maurer (1980–81) Hasil (1982) Trimmel / Hacker (1983) Schulz (1983–84) Hložek (1984–87) Dokupil (1987–89) Latzke (1990–91) Leitl (1991–92) Eggenberger (1992–97) Senekowitsch (1997) Barthold (1997–98) Sippel (1998) Skocik (1998–00) Šormaz (2001) Garger (2001–04) Weiss (2004–06) Drazan (2006–07) Stöger (2007–10) Schinkels (2010) Tatar (2010–13) Fellner (2013) Garger (2013–14) Posch (2014) Slunecko (2014–15) Lipa (2015–16) Kleer (2016–2018) Fischer (2018) Hlinka (2018–2020) Zellhofer (2020–) v t e Dragúň (1990–94) Daxbacher (1994–95) Leitl (1995) Singer (1995–99) Schuldes (1999–2003) Schendlinger (2003–04) Smrček (2004) Sekerlioglu (2005) Marko (2005–10) Streiter (2010–13) Schuldes (2013–14) Westerthalerc (2014–15) Kleer (2015–2016) Westerthalerc (2016) Masanori (2016–17) Westerthalerc (2017) Pejkovićc (2017) Jancker (2017–2018) Jusits (2018–2019) Karner (2019) Kleer (2019–20) Petrovc (2020) Borodyuk (2020) Petrovc (2020) Mladina (2020) Petrovc (2020) Schriebl (2020–21) Landerl (2021–) v t e"
Elko Mountain;" Elko Mountain is the tallest mountain in the Elko Hills of Elko County, in Nevada, United States.[3] The summit contains several radio towers.[3]    This Elko County, Nevada state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Adutha Saattai;"   Adutha Saattai (transl. Next whip) is a 2019 Indian Tamil-language action drama film which is a sequel to Saattai (2012), written and directed by M. Anbazhagan. The film is the third installment in the Saattai franchise. It stars Samuthirakani and  Thambi Ramaiah with Athulya Ravi, debutant Kaushik Sundaram, and Yuvan in supporting roles. D. Imman who previously composed music for the prequel is replaced by Justin Prabhakaran. Principal photography of the film began on 12 December 2018.[1]  Adutha Saattai is about the prevailing lapses in the Indian Education System.[2] Considering the subject matter of the film, it was scheduled to be released in September 2019 worldwide [3] later moved to November.  Dayalan (Samuthirakani) is employed as a Tamil lecturer in a private arts and science college who is well-respected and loved by all the students for his caring approach, friendly nature, and open-mindedness towards students' empowerment. However, most of Dayalan's colleagues hate him, including the college principal Singaperumal (Thambi Ramaiah). Pazhanimuthu (Yuvan), who happens to be the only son of Singaperumal, falls in love with his classmate Podhumponnu (Athulya Ravi), but he does not have the courage to confess his love. Podhumponnu has a good image over Aadhi (Kaushik Sundaram), her classmate who hails from a poor family background. The college is divided based on two prominent caste groups, resulting in frequent clashes between students belonging to the respective castes. Dayalan tries hard to calm down students and instigate them to stay united despite coming from different caste backgrounds, which he accomplishes successfully. Dayalan also falls in love with his colleague Pachiammal (Rajshri Ponnappa), who shares his same ideologies, and they eventually get married.  Dayalan comes up with a plan of forming a group called “Students Parliament” whereby students should take responsibility in managing day-to-day activities of college such as cleanliness, infra facilities, etc. While Singaperumal and other lecturers hate this idea, local media channels appreciate Dayalan's efforts, thereby gaining a good image for the college. Dayalan also initiates a plan of arranging campus interviews for their students similar to engineering colleges so that students hailing from poor backgrounds should get benefited. Dayalan takes the necessary steps and meets different organizations, inviting them for the placement process in which he succeeds as well. This is also set as a good example for other arts and science colleges. Meanwhile, Aadhi gets a good job offer and dreams of improving his family's financial status.  Lecturers who were against Dayalan's ideologies understand him well and decide to stand with him, but still, Singaperumal's ego does not let him support Dayalan. Singaperumal starts showing his anger towards students more often and sends Aadhi out of his class. Angered by this, Pazhani also leaves the class. They both travel on a motorcycle, but they meet with a major accident where Aadhi passes away and Pazhani is badly injured. Hearing this, Singaperumal feels guilty for his behavior and transforms. To everyone's shock, Aadhi's caste leaders rush to college and start protesting in the name of caste with plans of getting some money from the college management. Dayalan secretly records their conversation and sends it to all students, thereby exposing the real intentions of the caste groups. College students unite and kick the caste leaders out from their college campus. Singaperumal apologizes to everyone, taking responsibility for Aadhi's death, and promises to Aadhi's family that Pazhani will take care of them.  The film is produced by Dr.Prabhu Thilaak under the banner 11:11 Productions and  co-produced by P.Samuthirakani's Naadodigal. This is the maiden venture of Dr. Prabhu Thilaak's 11:11 Productions. Samuthirakani is cast as lead actor in the film while he was busy with his directorial ventures Naadodigal 2 and Appa 2.[4] The shooting of the film commenced on 12 December 2018 in Chennai, the film titled as Adutha Saattai is not a sequel to the 2012 film Saattai, but the subject of Adutha Saattai is about the prevailing lapses in the Indian Education System.[2]  The film was released in November 2019 worldwide.[5]  The soundtrack is composed by Justin Prabhakaran and the lyrics are by Thenmozhi Das and Yugabharathi.  29 November 2019 (2019-11-29) Samuthirakani as Dayalan Thambi Ramaiah as M. Singaperumal Athulya Ravi as Pothum Ponnu Yuvan as Pazhanimuthu Kaushik Sundaram as Aadhi Rajshri Ponnappa as Pachaiammal George Maryan as Gopal Pichaikkaran Moorthy as Ponpandiyan Benjamin as Professor Sree Raam as Student Nivetha as Sivasamy Hello Kandasamy as Professor Naadodigal Gopal as Aadhi's father Saravana Sakthi as Lawyer S. R. Dhivya Pradeepa as Professor Kannika Ravi as Student Pallavarajan as Pallavarajan Subhashini Kannan as Paraa Thavasi Murali Subiksha Sheela T. Sanghavi Sasikumar as himself in the song "Vegadha Veyilula" (cameo appearance)"
2023 in Belarus;" ←  →  Events of the year 2023 in Belarus.  Ongoing – COVID-19 pandemic in Belarus, Belarusian involvement in the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine  2022 2021 2020   2024 2025 2026   2000s 2010s 2020s   Other events of 2023 Timeline of Belarusian history President – Alexander Lukashenko Prime Minister – Roman Golovchenko 2023 CIS Games[1] 2022–23 Belarusian Cup[2] [3] COVID-19 pandemic in Europe 2023 in Europe"
Bruce T. Halle Library;"   The Bruce T. Halle Library, often simply referred to as Halle Library, is the sole library on the Eastern Michigan University campus.[2] It includes computer labs, study spaces, the Holman Learning Center (which provides free tutoring), a distance-learning classroom, the Faculty Development Center, the IT Help Desk, a multi-media area, a theater, an auditorium, the University archives, the carillon tower, and a Cafe.[2] It houses one of the largest collections of children's literature in the United States.[3][4] The building has full wireless connectivity, as well as Automated Retrieval Collection (ARC) system, capable of housing 1 million items. While the most-used books are still on shelves, the majority of the school's books are stored within this system, which runs several stories underneath the library itself. The library is named for EMU graduate Bruce Halle, founder of Discount Tire and major benefactor.  Bruce T. Halle Library is the third library building in Eastern Michigan University's history. Past libraries include Old Main, R. Clyde Ford Hall, and University Library. The University Library is now the Eastern Michigan University College of Education, named Porter Hall. The first library on campus was a single room in the Old Main administration building. The first building that was dedicated as a library building was Ford Hall. Ford Hall was built in 1929 and University Library (Porter) was built in 1967. In the 1990s students began to advocate for a new library due to overcrowding. Halle Library was built on the site of the old physical plant building. The facility's Architectural Style is Post Modern. During the facility's dedication in 1998, students faculty and staff lined up between University Library (Porter Hall) and Halle Library. Participants passed books one by one between the two libraries as a poetic gesture. In 2009 the Library featured work of Jessica Park.[5]  The 4 story library is 270,000 square feet (25,000 m2) and contains close to a million volumes split between a browsing level and an automated retrieval system (ARC).[2] The building was designed to contain 520 computer stations, 1,500 network connections, wireless internet, and a 70-seat teleconferencing room. The computer stations are broken down into a video studio, 6 computer classrooms, and 3 large computer labs. The carillon is A computer that produces the sounds of cast bells in the clock tower. Four speakers in the tower amplify the sound 1.5 miles (2.4 km).[2] The library contains traditional collections, the University Archives, the Map Library, a periodicals collection,  government documents, children's literature and a browsing collection. The building also has a 100-seat auditorium, meeting rooms, Information Technology Help desk and the Eagle Cafe/snack store. The library houses one of the largest collections of children's literature in the United States.[3][4][6]  The Automated Retrieval Collection (ARC) was the second of its kind to be used in a university library.[2] The ARC system is part of a national trend towards condensed shelving and automatic access storage systems. Books that have not been checked out in ten years are placed in the ARC.[2][7]  Bruce Halle was the Founder of Discount Tire and a graduate of EMU in 1965. When Halle enrolled in 1948 the school EMU was still the Michigan State Normal College. He served as the Chairman of Discount Tire Company, inc. until his death on January 4, 2018.[8]   Media related to Bruce T. Halle Library at Wikimedia Commons  Discount Tire Automated storage and retrieval system"
Caixin;"   Caixin Media (simplified Chinese: 财新传媒, traditional Chinese: 財新傳媒, pinyin: Cáixīn Chuánméi) is a Chinese news website based in Beijing known for investigative journalism.[1][2] Caixin means "News Fortune" in Chinese.  The founder and publisher is Hu Shuli, a former Knight Fellow in journalism at Stanford University, and an honorary doctorate degree recipient from Princeton University. Previously, Hu founded Caijing magazine. Yang Daming acts as deputy publisher, and Wang Shuo is editor-in-chief.[3] The business side is headed by Zhang Lihui as executive president.[4][5][6]  The headquarters is in the Sanlitun SOHO (三里屯SOHO) in Chaoyang District, Beijing. There are also offices in Xuhui District, Shanghai and Quarry Bay, Hong Kong.[7]  The Caixin Insight Group is Caixin's data and intelligence arm with Gao Erji as its executive president.[8][9] Established in 2015, it provides financial data products to Chinese institutional investors. As a sister company of Caixin Media, Caixin Insight Group focuses on providing Chinese business with financial databases, macroeconomic research, big-data analytics, smart beta indexes and strategy consulting services.[8]  The Caixin China PMI, is one of China's most closely watched economic indexes, and is compiled and published monthly by IHS Markit, it is often cited by market watchers and media. Caixin Media took over sponsorship of Markit's China PMI from HSBC in 2015,[10] and the research team of Caixin Insight provides analysis for the index.  Caixin launched a simple English-language news site called "Caixin Online" in 2010, translating a small number of its Chinese stories each day for foreign readers. In 2016, it greatly expanded that presence with the establishment of a separate company called Caixin Global, with Hu Shuli as CEO and Li Xin as managing director. It included a new English language news app, a new English language website (www.caixinglobal.com) upgraded from Caixin Online, and a range of customized business intelligence services under the banner of Caixin Global Intelligence.[11]  In April 2018, Caixin Global and CITIC Capital jointly acquired the international business information unit of Britain's Euromoney for $180.5 million, marking one of the biggest offshore purchases ever by a mainstream Chinese media company. The unit, Global Market Intelligence Division (GMID), was a provider of global financial information and data in over 15 languages, with a focus on emerging markets. GMID's two main units are CEIC and EMIS.[12][13]  Caixin Media was established in January 2010, created subsequently to the departure of Hu Shuli and the majority of the editors and reporters at Caijing Magazine in November 2009.[14]  The original staff of Caixin Media is composed entirely of employees from Caijing.  Caijing is a financial news magazine.[15] It was founded by Hu Shuli in 1998 and was managed by the Stock Exchange Executive Council (SEEC[16]) whose chairman is Wang Boming, The magazine's ability to push the boundaries in news coverage largely depends on the political protection afforded by SEEC, its well-connected backer.[17]  In November 2009, Hu Shuli resigned from Caijing along with a large portion of Caijing's journalists after weeks of conflicts with Caijing's controller over issues including "its coverage of sensitive current affairs stories".[17] The magazine had been well known for its investigative reporting and in-depth business articles, but its backer, according to departing employees, wanted it "to move away from investigative journalism towards straight coverage of business, in the mode of Fortune".[17] The pressure to focus on finance had mounted substantially since the explosion of ethnic violence in Xinjiang in July 2009, reporters at Caijing received orders from SEEC to remove sensitive stories, despite SEEC's promises not to interfere in editorial decision-making.[15] Except that, there were also disputes over wages.[17]  Jeremy Goldkorn, founder and editor of Danwei, a China-focused blog, called Hu's departure from Caijing "a big loss for SEEC".[17] "No one will take Caijing seriously now," he said. "Hu Shuli is almost half the brand, if not more."[17]  Two months after splitting with Caijing, Hu Shuli established Caixin Media and became the executive editor of a new publication called Caixin Weekly.[15]  Caixin Media was invested by various parties. Hu secured a 40-million yuan investment from Zhejiang Daily Press Group, the state-owned newspaper conglomerate, for a 40 percent stake in Caixin.[18] Zhejiang Daily had sought to sell a 19.77 percent stake in Caixin for 56 million yuan in 2011, but later withdrew the sale.[18] In July 2012, Hu won another shot in the arm when Tencent, one of China's largest internet firms, became Caixin's newest stockholder with an undisclosed amount of shares.[18] In December 2013, China Media Capital (CMC) said that it had purchased 40% stake in Caixin Media from Zhejiang Daily Press Group, thus becoming the largest shareholder.[18] Li Ruigang, the chairman of CMC, said, "My fund and I are very honored to become a part of Caixin", "Our common goal is to build a China-based financial media platform with international influences."[18]  Caixin Media initially offered content from its website, caixin.com, and its mobile app for free, but charged for the electronic version of its signature magazine. On November 6th, 2017, it set up a paywall for caixin.com, becoming the first major Chinese publication to put most of its online content behind a paywall.[19]  The paywall's introduction was part of Caixin's efforts to protect content from copyright infringement and to boost revenue.[20] In May 2018, Hu Shuli, in a speech to students at Renmin University of China, said that many readers had subscribed since testing of the paywall model began in 2016, proving that the market had a positive response to the paywall model.[21]  In an interview in November 2018, one year after the paywall's introduction, Hu Shuli said Caixin had more than 200,000 digital annual subscribers.[22] Caixin's Chinese language website caixin.com receives approximately 130 million page views per month from 50 million unique visitors.[20] Hu said that readership had risen steadily.[23]  On 7 March 2016, Caixin published an article that exposed the Cyberspace Administration of China for removing an article on their Chinese website. The reasoning given for the take-down order was "illegal content". The censored article, originally published on March 3, was about Jiang Hong, a member of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference, who said that advisors should be "free to give Communist Party and government agencies suggestions on economic, political, cultural and social issues".[24][25] Publicly exposing such censorship was considered highly unusual in China, and Caixin deliberately referred to the CAC as "a government censorship organ".[25]  On 11 November 2018, Caixin reporter Zhou Chen was harassed by police in her hotel room while on a trip to investigate a petrochemical leak in Quanzhou that sickened over 50 people. The incident prompted outrage on social media and a rare apology from the local police.[26][27][28]  On 27 March 2020, doubts were raised about the accuracy of the reported COVID-19 death toll of 2,535 in Wuhan as Caixin published photos of a truck unloading 2,500 boxed funeral urns arriving from a Hankou funeral home and a further 3,500 boxed funeral urns inside Jingya Hall.[29][30][31][32][33][34]  On 21 October 2021, the Cyberspace Administration of China removed Caixin from its seminal list of news media that can be re-published, substantially gagging it as a news source.[35]  Caixin (Chinese) Caixin Global (English)"
Extra EA-260;" The Extra EA-260 is a hand-built, single-seat aerobatic aircraft derived from the Extra 230 and first flown in 1986. Designed by aerobatic pilot Walter Extra based on the layout of the Extra 230, the Extra 260 is a higher performance version of its predecessor with 60% more power and 18% increase in weight. The first EA-260 was flown by Patty Wagstaff to victory in two U.S. National Aerobatic Championships, in 1991 and 1992, and then retired to the Smithsonian Institution when she obtained an Extra 300S.[1]  The Extra 260 is based on the design of the Extra EA-230, and the two aircraft share many similarities. The Extra 260 has a welded steel tube fuselage covered in fabric with a carbon/glass hybrid composite empennage (i.e., the tail assembly, including the horizontal and vertical stabilizers, elevators, and rudder), and a bubble canopy. The monocoque wings have a Polish pine wood spar with birch plywood skins. A symmetrical airfoil, mounted with a zero angle of incidence, provides equal performance in both upright and inverted flight. The landing gear is fixed taildragger style with composite main legs and fiberglass wheel pants. The piston-engined powerplant is a fuel-injected Lycoming AEIO-540-D4A5 and has a 4-bladed constant-speed MT composite propeller.[1]  The first EA260 built was donated to the Smithsonian Institution where it was at one time on display. Additionally there is one EA260 registered with the Federal Aviation Administration in the US, one registered in the United Kingdom with the Civil Aviation Authority and one registered in France with the Directorate General for Civil Aviation, for a total of four.[1][2][3][4]  Data from Smithsonian Air and Space Extra 260[1] General characteristics  Performance    Crew: 1 Length: 6 m (19 ft 8 in) Wingspan: 7.6 m (24 ft 11 in) Height: 1.8 m (5 ft 11 in) Empty weight: 522 kg (1,151 lb) Gross weight: 778 kg (1,715 lb) Powerplant: 1 × Lycoming AEIO-540-D4A5 6-cylinder air-cooled horizontally-opposed piston engine, 240 kW (320 hp) Propellers: 4-bladed MT constant-speed composite propeller Maximum speed: 405 km/h (252 mph, 219 kn)"
Antoine Soulard;"   Antoine Pierre Soulard (November 16, 1766 – March 11, 1825) was an early settler and government official of St. Louis, Missouri.  Born to Henri Francois Soulard and Marie Francoise (Leroux) Soulard in Rochefort, France, Soulard became a lieutenant in the French navy. His father and brother also were French naval officers.[1][2] With the French Revolution, and the subsequent Reign of Terror, Soulard fled his homeland for the United States.[3] He arrived in Marblehead, Massachusetts in 1794. Knowing that there were many fellow Frenchmen in St. Louis, Soulard began his journey there. He traveled across Pennsylvania on horseback, then floated down the Ohio River on a keelboat, eventually arriving in Ste. Genevieve.[2][4]  Soulard arrived in Ste. Genevieve by February 1794. Rumors of an invasion of Spanish Upper Louisiana by French and American troops convinced Spanish authorities that the town needed to be fortified. Soulard was appointed to supervise the construction of a fort in Ste. Genevieve. Upon completion of the fort, Soulard then traveled to St. Louis. He introduced himself to the lieutenant-governor of Upper Louisiana, Zénon Trudeau. Soulard was appointed the first surveyor-general of Spanish Upper Louisiana on February 3, 1795 by Trudeau.[4][5] He performed at least 710 surveys from 1795-1806.[6] Soulard remained in this position during the tenure of the next lieutenant governor, Charles de Hault de Lassus, eventually resigning in May 1806 after the area was turned over to the United States.[2][6] Trudeau added to Soulard's responsibilities, appointing him to the position of adjutant pro tem of the lieutenant governor on October 30, 1795. Soon after this new appointment, Soulard married Marie Julia Cérre, the daughter of a wealthy merchant and fur-trader, Jean-Gabriel Cerré.[4][7]  Soulard and his wife remained in St. Louis for the rest of their lives. They had several children, including James Gaston, Henry Gustave, Eliza, and Benjamin Antoine.[4] Soulard died in St. Louis on March 10, 1825 and was interred in Calvary Cemetery.[1][8][9] The Soulard neighborhood and Soulard Farmers Market in St. Louis are named for the Soulard family.[10]  "
Canvey Island Urban District;"   Canvey Island Urban District was an urban district in the county of Essex, England. It was created in 1926 out of the civil parish of Canvey Island, previously in the Rochford Rural District.  Since 1 April 1974 its former area has formed part of the Borough of Castle Point.  Coordinates: 51°31′26″N 0°34′26″E﻿ / ﻿51.524°N 0.574°E﻿ / 51.524, 0.574    This Essex location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. v t e"
Small nucleolar RNA SNORA43;" In molecular biology, Small nucleolar RNA SNORA43 (also known as ACA43) is a non-coding RNA (ncRNA) molecule which functions in the biogenesis (modification) of other small nuclear RNAs (snRNAs). This type of modifying RNA is located in the nucleolus of the eukaryotic cell which is a major site of snRNA biogenesis. It is known as a small nucleolar RNA (snoRNA) and also often referred to as a 'guide RNA'.  ACA43 was originally cloned from HeLa cells[1] and belongs to the H/ACA box class of snoRNAs as it has the predicted hairpin-hinge-hairpin-tail structure, has the conserved H/ACA-box motifs and is found associated with GAR1 protein. snoRNA ACA43 is predicted to guide the pseudouridylation of U4938 of 28S ribosomal RNA (rRNA). Pseudouridylation is the isomerisation of the nucleoside uridine to the different isomeric form pseudouridine.    This molecular or cell biology article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Ernest Jones (rugby league);"   Ernest W. Jones (c. 1891 – death unknown) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1910s and 1920s. He played at representative level for Great Britain and England, and at club level for Rochdale Hornets, as a stand-off or scrum-half, i.e. number 6 or 7.[1]  Jones won caps for England while at Rochdale Hornets in 1913 against Wales, in 1914 against Wales,[2] and he won caps for Great Britain while at Rochdale Hornets in 1920 on the 1920 Great Britain Lions tour against Australia, and New Zealand (3 matches).[3]  Ernest Jones played scrum-half and scored a try in Rochdale Hornets' 12–5 victory over Oldham in the 1911–12 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1911–12 season at Wheater's Field, Broughton, Salford on Saturday 2 December 1911, in front of a crowd of 20,000.  Through injury, Jones did not appear in Rochdale Hornets' 10–9 victory over Hull F.C. in the 1921–22 Challenge Cup Final during the 1921–22 season at Headingley Rugby Stadium, Leeds on Saturday 6 May 1922, Rochdale Hornets had a medal especially struck for him.[4] "
6th Space Operations Squadron;"   The 6th Space Operations Squadron is an Air Force Reserve satellite command and control squadron located at Schriever Space Force Base, Colorado. The squadron is a backup to NOAA for Defense Meteorological Satellite Program operations.  The 6th Space Operations Squadron provides a backup command and control center for the Defense Meteorological Satellite Program (DMSP).  DMSP is the longest running production satellite program ever.  The DMSP satellite constellation provides strategic and tactical weather prediction to aid military operations planning at sea, on land, and in the air.  The satellites can image visible and infrared cloud cover, measure precipitation, surface temperature, and soil moisture.  In addition, it collects specialized global meteorological oceanographic and solar-geophysical information in all weather conditions.  It also has sensors for space weather data that is used to assist in high-frequency communications, over-the-horizon radar and spacecraft drag and reentry tasks.  The information provided by the DMSP satellites is used to compile various worldwide weather products for numerous users, such as the Air Force Weather Agency and Fleet Numerical Meteorology and Oceanography Center as well as civilian authorities through the Department of Commerce.  The 6th is located at Schriever Air Force Base, Colorado.  The 4000th Support Group was organized on 1 February 1963 as a component of Strategic Air Command.  It was reassigned to the 1st Strategic Aerospace Division on 1 January 1966.  On 1 January 1973, the organization was redesignated 4000th Aerospace Application Group without change in assignment or location.  It was redesignated 4000th Satellite Operations Group on 3 April 1981.   .  On 1 May 1983, the 4000th Satellite Operations Group at Offutt Air Force Base was transferred to the newly formed Air Force Space Command under the 1st Space Wing and was given a new designation, the 1000th Satellite Operations Group ('One Grand'). The group was reassigned to the 2d Space Wing on 1 April 1986. In May 1989, Detachment 1 at Fairchild Air Force Base, Washington, was upgraded to squadron status, becoming the 5th Satellite Control Squadron. On 30 January 1992, the group was reassigned to the 50th Space Wing.  On 31 July 1992, the 1000th Satellite Operations Group re-designated as the 6th Space Operations Squadron and was reassigned to the 50th Operations Group. The unit was still a Regular Air Force unit and was still stationed at Offutt.  In 1994, President Bill Clinton signed a bill that merged federal weather programs. Prior to the merge, federal programs were deemed to be redundant. This merger would save the government money and allow one entity to control national weather products. The merger also moved weather operations to the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration in Suitland, Maryland.  On 30 September 1998, the 6th Space Operations Squadron was inactivated.  It activated in the Air Force reserve with assignment to the 310th Space Group at Schriever Air Force Base, Colorado on 1 October 1998.  The squadron's operations have been command and control of the Defense Meteorological Satellite Program (DMSP) satellites since 1 February 1963.   This article incorporates public domain material from the Air Force Historical Research Agency.  Designated as the 4000th Support Group and organized on 1 February 1963 Activated in the reserve on 1 October 1998[1] Strategic Air Command, 1 February 1963 1st Strategic Aerospace Division, I January 1966 1st Space Wing, 1 May 1983 2d Space Wing, 1 April 1986 50th Space Wing, 30 January 1992 50th Operations Group, 31 July 1992 – 30 September 1998 310th Space Group, 1 October 1998 310th Operations Group, 7 March 2008[1] Offutt Air Force Base, Nebraska, 1 February 1963 – 30 September 1998 Schriever Air Force Base, Colorado, 1 October 1998 – present[1] Defense Meteorological Satellite Program (1963–1998, 1998 – present)"
Ashe Warren;"   Ashe Warren is a village in the Basingstoke and Deane district of Hampshire, England.  The settlement is within the civil parish of Overton, and is located approximately 6.3 miles (10.1 km) west of Basingstoke.  The village is part of the civil parish of Overton,[1] and is part of the Overton, Laverstoke and Steventon ward of Basingstoke and Deane borough council.[2] The borough council is a non-metropolitan district of Hampshire County Council.    This Hampshire location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Overton Basingstoke and Deane Hampshire South East Basingstoke"
Lucien Fontenelle;" Lucien Fontenelle (1800 - 1840) was a prominent fur trader in the Nebraska area in the early-19th century who was born to François and Marie-Louise Fontenelle on the family plantation south of New Orleans.  His parents were killed by a hurricane while he was away attending school in New Orleans.  He left New Orleans in 1816 after having been raised for a time by an aunt, and began working in the lower-Missouri fur trade in 1819.  He later became involved in the Missouri Fur Company.  He married Bright Sun, also known as Me-um-bane, a daughter of the Omaha Chief Big Elk.  Among their children was Logan Fontenelle.  Early in his career Fontenelle was involved in fur trading into the Rocky Mountains.[1][2]  However starting in the late 1820s he was in command at Fontenelle's Post in what would become Bellevue, Nebraska, along the Missouri River.  In 1831 he led a trading expedition to the Cache Valley of Utah and Idaho with Andrew Drips.  On their return to St. Louis they were joined by some Nez Perces people seeking to get Christian missionaries to come to their people.[3]  Nebraska Studies article on Fontenelle Trottman, Alan C. "Lucien Fontenelle" in Le Roy Hafen, Trappers of the Far West Glendale, California: Arthur H. Clark, 1983."
John Sola;" Domagoj Ivan "John" Šola (born April 15, 1944) is a former politician in Ontario, Canada.  He served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1987 to 1995.  Originally a Liberal, he was forced to leave his party over controversy arising from his comments about Serbs.  Sola has a Bachelor of Arts degree from Laurentian University in Sudbury. In 1976-1977, he was the president of the Toronto Metro-Croatia soccer club.[1]  Sola was elected to the Ontario legislature in the 1987 provincial election, defeating Progressive Conservative incumbent Bud Gregory by almost 6,000 votes.[2]  The Liberal Party won a landslide majority government under the leadership of David Peterson, and Sola served as a backbench supporter of the Peterson government for the next three years.  The Liberals were defeated by the New Democratic Party in the 1990 provincial election, although Sola retained his seat by more than 3,000 votes against an NDP challenger.[3] In opposition, he was appointed as the Liberal critic for the Chair of the Management Board of Cabinet.  Sola's political career ran into controversy in December 1991, shortly after the beginning of Yugoslavia's civil wars. He gave an interview with the television program the fifth estate about tensions between Canada's Serbian and Croatian communities.  In the course of the interview, Sola said "I don't think I'd be able to live next door to a Serb".[4]  In 1992, Sola was a supporter of Steve Mahoney during the leadership convention of the Ontario Liberal Party. After Mahoney was eliminated, Sola placed his support behind Lyn McLeod, the eventual winner.  Controversy followed Sola in 1993 when he was taped giving an address to students at York University. In his address he criticized Serbian-Canadians for not speaking out against atrocities being committed against Croats and Muslims during the Bosnian War, essentially declaring that by their silence they supported ethnic cleansing. Though Sola issued an apology in the Ontario Legislature, McLeod expelled Sola from the Ontario Liberal Party caucus on April 28, 1993.[5]  Sola played only a minor role in the assembly after his expulsion from the Liberal Party, and did not seek re-election in 1995. After his defeat, Sola left provincial politics and was appointed Consul General of the Republic of Croatia in Chicago. His surname has also been referred to as Sladojević-Šola. "
Indwarra National Park;"   Indwarra is a national park in New South Wales, Australia, 422 km north of Sydney. It is located on the central New England Tablelands[2] and covers an area of over 900ha.[1]  The park was created in January 1999.[1] Flora surveys were conducted in 2002, revealing 220 species of flora in the park.[3] The highest and most prominent mountain in the national park is Mount Tingha, which rises to 1208 meters above sea level.[4]      This New South Wales protected areas related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Protected areas of New South Wales High Conservation Value Old Growth forest.."
Alexeyevskoye, Vladimir Oblast;" Alexeyevskoye (Russian: Алексеевское) is a rural locality (a selo) in Ivanovskoye Rural Settlement, Kovrovsky District, Vladimir Oblast, Russia. The population was 47 as of 2010.[2]  Alexeyevskoye is located 42 km southeast of Kovrov (the district's administrative centre) by road. Otrub is the nearest rural locality.[3]  This Kovrovsky District location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Jonathan Anders;"   Jonathan Victor Anders (born 25 January 1971) was an English cricketer who played all of his cricket for Shropshire.[1]  He was born in Tunbridge Wells and educated at Belvidere School, Shrewsbury. He played at club level for Shrewsbury and Perkins cricket clubs.[2]  His highest score of 51 came when playing for Shropshire in the match against Surrey Cricket Board.[3]  He played 26 games for Shropshire in the Minor Counties Championship.[4] and 19 games for Shropshire in the MCCA Knockout Trophy.[5]    This biographical article related to an English cricketer born in the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Philip Egner;" Philip Egner (April 17, 1870 – February 3, 1956) was a U.S. military bandmaster who served as longtime director of the U.S. Army's West Point Band.  As a child, Egner was a musical prodigy. During his early career he performed with the Metropolitan Opera and New York Philharmonic, but left civilian life to join the U.S. Army at the outbreak of the Spanish–American War, spending three years in the Philippines as bandmaster of the 17th Infantry Regiment. He would later be appointed band director at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point and is best remembered for composing "On, Brave Old Army Team", West Point's fight song.  Egner was born in New York City to German immigrants Philippe and Emma Egner and grew up in East Orange, New Jersey. His father was a music teacher and, by age six, the younger Egner had mastered the violin, he was described by one account as a "child prodigy".[1] Egner went on to learn additional instruments and, by age 16, was the leader of his own orchestra in Atlantic City, New Jersey.[1]  Early in Egner's career he performed as a cellist with the Metropolitan Opera and the New York Philharmonic. In 1898, on the outbreak of war with Spain, Egner joined the United States Army and was appointed bandmaster of the 17th Infantry Regiment. He spent the next three years in the Philippines.[1][2]  Returning to the United States, Egner briefly toured the U.S. as an instrumentalist in the vaudevillian performances of Lillian Russell and the minstrel shows of Primrose and West. He later served as director of the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company Band, and for six years led the band of New York's Hebrew Orphans Asylum (HOA), a Jewish orphanage organized and disciplined along military lines. His HOA band established a reputation as the "best boys' band in the city" and his work with the ensemble has been credited with leading to his appointment as bandmaster at West Point, a post he held from 1909 to his retirement in 1934.[3][1][4]  In 1910 Egner collaborated on scripting a new cheer with one of West Point's yell kings. While returning to his quarters, Egner began whistling an improvised tune which he decided would go well with the words for the new cheer, making it more suited for a fight song than a football chant. He scribbled the notes on his shirt cuff and the resulting composition became "On, Brave Old Army Team".[5]  During his time at West Point, Egner also composed the "Official West Point March", among other songs. He scored the 1916 musical comedy staged by the cadets, The Wasp-Waisted Vampires about a time in the future when half the corps of cadets is women and the academy on the verge of being shuttered by the U.S. government on account of a lack of wars (at the end of the show the "good news" arrives that Highland Falls, New York has been invaded, thereby justifying continued congressional appropriations to West Point).[6] In 1932 Egner invited Mabel Bauer, a music teacher in New Haven, Connecticut and wife of a West Point alumnus, to direct the band in performing Franz von Blon's "With Energy and Strength", which marked the first time since the band's formation in 1817 that a woman had taken-up the baton.[7] From 1929 until his retirement five years later, Egner also served as director of the West Point Glee Club.[8]  Major-General Perry Griffith, who attended West Point in the early 1930s, recalled cadet dances of that era held at Camp Clinton – the academy's then summer tactical course for third-year cadets – in a 1983 article for West Point's alumni magazine The Assembly.[9]  Hop music had to be taken casually, for what came out was strictly Philip Egner's boys' idea of jazz, and a shag of Tiger Rag usually sound like "Stars and Stripes Forever" or "French National Defile". The 1915 edition of the academy's yearbook, The Howitzer, was dedicated by the corps of cadets to Egner for his "unfailing kindness and untiring labor in our behalf".[10]  Egner married Emma Hausens in 1895, with whom he had one daughter and one son. Emma died in 1926 and Philip married Gertrude Laswick Specht in 1927. She had 3 sons and 1 daughter. Gertrude died in 1939, and in 1942 Philip married her sister, Anna Laswick. He died in 1956 and is buried in the West Point Cemetery beneath a grave etched with the first seven notes of the chorus to "On, Brave Old Army Team". Anna, his last wife is buried with him. She died in 1967.[11]  United States military bands"
Hesychius of Alexandria;" Hesychius of Alexandria (Ancient Greek: Ἡσύχιος ὁ Ἀλεξανδρεύς, romanized: Hēsýchios ho Alexandreús, lit. 'Hesychios the Alexandrian') was a Greek grammarian who, probably in the 5th or 6th century AD,[1] compiled the richest lexicon of unusual and obscure Greek words that has survived, probably by absorbing the works of earlier lexicographers.   The work, titled "Alphabetical Collection of All Words" (Συναγωγὴ Πασῶν Λέξεων κατὰ Στοιχεῖον, Synagōgē Pasōn Lexeōn kata Stoicheion), includes more than 50,000 entries, a copious list of peculiar words, forms and phrases, with an explanation of their meaning, and often with a reference to the author who used them or to the district of Greece where they were current. Hence, the book is of great value to the student of the Ancient Greek dialects and in the restoration of the text of the classical authors generally – particularly of such writers as Aeschylus and Theocritus, who used many unusual words. Hesychius is important, not only for Greek philology, but also for studying lost languages and obscure dialects (such as Thracian) and in reconstructing Proto-Indo-European. Many of the words that are included in this work are not found in surviving ancient Greek texts.  Hesychius' explanations of many epithets and phrases also reveal many important facts about the religion and social life of the ancients.  In a prefatory letter Hesychius mentions that his lexicon is based on that of Diogenianus (itself extracted from an earlier work by Pamphilus), but that he has also used similar works by the grammarian Aristarchus of Samothrace, Apion, Heliodorus, Amerias and others.  Hesychius was probably not a Christian. Explanations of words from Gregory Nazianzus and other Christian writers (glossae sacrae) are later interpolations.  The lexicon survives in one deeply corrupt 15th-century manuscript, which is preserved in the library of San Marco at Venice, (Marc. Gr. 622, 15th century). The best edition is by Moriz Wilhelm Constantin Schmidt [de] (1858–1868), but no complete comparative edition of the manuscript has been published since it was first printed by Marcus Musurus (at the press of Aldus Manutius) in Venice, 1514 (reprinted in 1520 and 1521 with modest revisions).  A modern edition has been published under the auspices of the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts in Copenhagen, begun by Kurt Latte (vol. 1 published in 1953, vol. 2 posthumously in 1966) and completed by Peter Allan Hansen and Ian C. Cunningham (vol. 3, 2005, vol. 4, 2009). "
Evil Geniuses;"   Evil Geniuses (EG) is an American esports organization based in Seattle, Washington. Founded in 1999, the organization has fielded players in various fighting games, Call of Duty, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, Dota 2, Fortnite Battle Royale, Halo, League of Legends, StarCraft II, Rocket League, Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege, and World of Warcraft.  In May 2019, EG was acquired by PEAK6 Investments LLC, a Chicago-based investment company.[2] While independently owned at the time of the acquisition, it was formerly a subsidiary of GoodGame Agency, which in turn was owned by Amazon.com through its division Twitch.[3][4]  EG's Dota 2 squad won The International 2015, receiving the largest prize payout in esports history at the time.[5] Their Call of Duty: WWII roster won the 2018 Call of Duty Championship.[6]  Evil Geniuses was founded as a Quake clan in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada in 1997. Playing from the first cyber cafe in Victoria, the Underground Onramp, the original roster included Dakine, MikeJ, Killboy, Zakath, Muppetman, Jello and the EG girls featured in Wired Magazine, Jasp and Mystique. The Onramp and the EG clan were very popular in the emerging gaming circuit, being on the West Coast and having access to a T1 internet connection while the rest of the world was still on dial-up.  Many new members located in Seattle joined the clan and would regularly spar with members of DR including the world's first pro gamer, Thresh.  Members from both the Canadian and American roster were present during the 1997 Gameworks Tournament with access to the gaming lounge. Canadian players were not admitted into the tournament at the time due to the nascent pro gaming circuit, but were allowed to warm up with the contestants.  When the Underground Onramp closed, shortly after the release of modern home broadband internet, most of the Canadian roster went on to new careers, some into game development and still work in the gaming industry to this day. Meanwhile, the American roster flourished and went on to become one of the greatest gaming clans in the history of esports.  Philadelphia native and future CEO Alex Garfield started working for the team in 2004.[7]  Evil Geniuses expanded into World of Warcraft (WoW) Arena by acquiring HukHukHukHukHuk[clarification needed] in 2007. The roster consisted of many notable players including Abdul "Bokas" Suleiman, Garett "Garett" Llorent, Jesse "Koorban" Ryan, John "Nuvas" Liao, Einar "Spinister" Galilea, Brian "Tyz" Gustafson, Cyrus "Morifen" Foroughi, Anthony "Neia" Krug, and Paul "Zsu" Coats. In 2008, Evil Geniuses later acquired Issac "Azeal" Cummings-Bentley, Conrad "Zyz" Lope, Dan "spoh" Street, Emerson "Woundman" Condon, Charles "Cdew" Dewland, and Tim "Kollektiv" Yen, forming a new 3v3 arena team, as most of the previous team retired from competitive play. Notable accomplishments including winning the 2007 US Arena Championship, placing 3rd at Blizzcon 2007 (World Arena Championship), winning MLG San Diego 2008, placing 4th at Blizzcon 2012, and winning the Intel Extreme Masters IV WoW World Championship (2010).  Evil Geniuses acquired a Defense of the Ancients (Dota) roster on April 12, 2008, made up of players transferring from team eMg.[8] EG entered the StarCraft: Brood War scene on April 25, 2009, with the recruitment of World Cyber Games USA champions Geoff "iNcontroL" Robinson, and Dan "Nyoken" Eidson, along with Eric "G5" Rothmuller, Jake "LzGaMeR" Winstead, and Bryce "Machine" Bates.[9] EG saw its North American DotA squad depart on December 3, 2009, following two months of minimal practice and insufficient exposure.[10]  Evil Geniuses expanded into StarCraft II during the game's launch year of 2010 with the recruitment of top American player Gregory "IdrA" Fields as well as the well-known commentator and player Nick "Tasteless" Plott on September 9.[11] In a controversial move, EG acquired the brand of fellow North American gaming organization, Loaded, on October 9, 2010, but the deal only constituted the company sponsors, team owner and their Heroes of Newerth squad.[12]  In 2010, EG expanded into fighting games by signing Justin Wong and Martin "Marn" Phan. Within a year, they expanded their fighting game division with the addition of Ricki Ortiz, Ari "fLoE" Weintraub, and Eduardo "PR Balrog" Perez-Frangie, as well as Japanese players Yusuke Momochi, and Yuka "Chocoblanka" Kusachi. Marn was eventually let go in 2011 at his own request, with the intention to start his own League of Legends team, Team MRN.  On March 31, 2011, long-time member Manuel "Grubby" Schenkhuizen, as well as StarCraft II division manager Nick "Tasteless" Plott departed from the organization.[13] EG lost its Heroes of Newerth squad on July 8 to SK Gaming, due to sponsorship complications.[14] Near the end of that month, the Korean North American Star League champion, Ho Joon "PuMa" Lee, joined up with EG, despite the lack of consultancy with his previous organization.[15] Three weeks later, the top Canadian player, Chris "HuK" Loranger, left his long-time organization of Team Liquid, and joined EG, to compete alongside Fields and Lee in South Korea.[16] On October 21, it was announced that the trio would be moving to stay with the South Korean team SlayerS, in accordance with a correlating partnership established between the organizations.[17] EG saw the return of two former DotA players, Clinton "Fear" Loomis and Jimmy "DeMoN" Ho, with the acquisition of their first Dota 2 squad.[18]  On January 7, 2012, EG announced the dismissal of its long-standing Counter-Strike squad, though star player Jordan "n0thing" Gilbert initially stayed on to produce content related to the game.[19] In September 2012, Bulba and xHobbzeEx left the Dota 2 team due to personal issues and were replaced by Jio "Jeyo" Madayag and Robert "bdiz" Tinnes. On December 5, 2012, EG signed the successful StarCraft: Brood War Zerg player Lee Jae-Dong. On January 25, 2013, EG announced their expansion into League of Legends with the signing of the former Counter Logic Gaming European division – in negotiations that reportedly spanned three months, however the team would later disband due to extremely poor results.[20]  On April 4, 2014, EG announced that they had signed fighting game player Kenneth "K-Brad" Bradley. Prior to this, Ari "fLoE" Weintraub had been let go from the team.  On October 27, 2014, it was announced that three players from the Evil Geniuses Call of Duty squad, Patrick "Aches" Price, Ian "Crimsix" Porter, and Ken Dedo, had left the organisation, later joining OpTic Gaming.[21] The CEO of EG, Alex Garfield confirmed via reddit that he had indeed let three of the players go to OpTic.[22]  On November 21, 2014, Evil Geniuses announced the launch of its first Halo squad, consisting of the twins Jason "Lunchbox" Brown and Justin "Roy" Brown, the 2014 Halo 4 World Championship finalist Justin "iGotUrPistola" Deese and the Eric "Snip3down" Wrona, who is reckoned among the best slayers in the world. The team competed in the Halo Championship Series Season 1 and won 3 online cups to this point. On December 21 iGotUrPistola left the squad due to an injury. He was replaced by Tony "LxthuL" Campbell transferring from the BTH.  On December 9, 2014, Evil Geniuses' parent organisation, GoodGame Agency announced that it had been acquired by Twitch.[3][4]  On December 16, 2014, Evil Geniuses' Yusuke Momochi won the 2014 Capcom Cup tournament. Momochi has qualified for the event by winning South East Asia Major 2014 in Singapore. This win automatically granted him entry into Capcom Cup 2015. On July 19, 2015, Yusuke Momochi won Evolution 2015, taking the win from AVerMedia's Bruce "Gamerbee" Hsiang in a controversial Grand Finals set that saw Momochi suffer from hardware failure with his Razer arcade stick.  On December 12, 2016, Evil Geniuses along with Alliance became player-owned organizations.[23] It was later confirmed that American Dota 2 player Peter "ppd" Dager was named CEO of Evil Geniuses.[24]  At the beginning of 2017, ppd announced lineup switches for the fighting game and StarCraft II divisions. PR Balrog, Justin Wong, Momochi, and ChocoBlanka would depart from the FGC division, Ricki Ortiz, PPMD, and K-Brad would be kept while adding NYChrisG to the team. In addition, ppd announced that their SC2 division would be disbanding as InControL and HuK.[25]  On March 24, 2017, Evil Geniuses entered into the Smash Bros. for Wii U scene by acquiring Julian "Zinoto" Carrington.[26]  On November 10, 2017, Evil Geniuses announced that the organization had entered Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six: Siege by signing the former Continuum roster.[27]  On April 12, 2019, Evil Geniuses entered Fortnite Battle Royale by signing Jordan "JTruth" Clouse and Chance "MoNsTcR" Duncan.[28]  In late August 2019, Peter Chau, Troy "Canadian" Jaroslawski, and Aaron "Gotcha" Chung all left the Evil Geniuses Rainbow Six Siege division. Morquis "Modigga" Hribar joined the team as a player.[29][30][31]  On September 26, 2019, the team confirmed their return to Counter-Strike, signing the roster of NRG Esports.[32] The Evil Geniuses would shock the Counter Strike: Global Offensive scene by winning their first big event together, ESL One New York 2019.[33]  On April 15, 2020, Evil Geniuses released their Rainbow Six Siege team and exited the scene.[34]  On March 30, 2021, Evil Geniuses partnered with American apparel company POINT3.[35]  In April 2021, Evil Geniuses partnered with cryptocurrency company Coinbase.[36]  After the International 2011, Evil Geniuses announced their new Dota 2 team in October 2011. This roster included Clinton "Fear" Loomis, Rasmus Berth "MiSeRy" Filipsen, Jimmy "DeMoN" Ho, Amel "PlaymatE' Barudzija, and Pers Anders Olsson "Pajkatt" Lille.[37]  EG acquired Kurtis "Aui_2000" Ling from Cloud9 in December 2014 and Sumail from Pakistan.[38] On August 8, 2015, Evil Geniuses beat CDEC Gaming to win The International 2015, securing a first-time championship and winning a total of US$6,616,014, which was one of the largest purses ever awarded in esports. They were also the first American-based team to win the event.[39] A week later, Aui_2000 was released from his contract with the team, with former member Arteezy replacing him on the roster.[40]  EG finished third at both the Frankfurt Major 2015[41] and the Shanghai Major 2016. On March 22, Arteezy and UNiVeRsE left the team to join Team Secret.[42] On March 25, EG announced that former members Aui_2000 and Bulba would rejoin the roster to fill these vacancies.[43]  EG placed third at The International 2016. After the tournament the team released ppd and Fear, who both decided to retire from playing Dota 2 to pursue other opportunities within the organization. They were replaced by Andreas Franck "Cr1t-" Nielsen, who would go on to become the new captain, and Arteezy.  Following their elimination at The International 2017 in August, Ludwig "zai" Wåhlberg departed Evil Geniuses, saying he would seek new options about his career. Shortly after, Peter "ppd" Dager stepped down as CEO and was replaced by former team manager, Philip Aram.[44] The following month, Evil Geniuses announced that Clinton "Fear" Loomis would come out of his coaching role to rejoin the team as an active player.[45]  In December 2017, EG announced that they would be releasing UNiVeRsE and their head coach, SVG. They would pick up Rasmus "Misery" Filipsen and Sam "Bulba" Sosale to replace them, respectively. In May 2018, EG announced the acquisition of former OG players s4 and Fly after releasing Fear and Misery from their contracts.[46] Shannon Larkin was added as the Dota team's manager in June 2018, in time for the team's participation in Dota Summit 9, which they would win.  After adding two of Dota 2's most accomplished players, EG headed to The International 2018 in Vancouver, Canada. After a successful group stage where they went 13–3, the joint highest record with Team Liquid. They defeated Team Secret 2–0 in the upper bracket, before setting up a grudge match with OG. The series went to three games, eventually culminating in EG's defeat as they fell to the lower bracket. They continued eliminating tournament favorites in Virtus.pro and Team Liquid, before bowing out to PSG.LGD and taking third place and more than US$2.6 million in prize money.  As of November 15th, 2022, Evil Geniuses has ceased operations in the North American Dota Scene, and has switched operations to the South America region, according to a tweet by CEO Nicole LaPointe. [47]  EG had multiple Counter-Strike Source teams during the late 2000s and early 2010s.  In September 2019, Evil Geniuses acquired the Counter-Strike: Global Offensive (CSGO) team of NRG Esports the day before ESL One New York 2019. The original team consisted of Peter "stanislaw" Jarguz, Tarik "tarik" Celik, Vincent "Brehze" Cayonte, Ethan "Ethan" Arnold, Tsvetelin "CeRq" Dimitrov, and Chet "ImAPet" Singh as coach.[32][48] At ESL One New York, EG was in Group B, alongside Danish superstars Astralis, FaZe Clan, and OpTic Gaming. EG's opening match was against FaZe Clan, in which they won 2–0. The following match was against Astralis, in which EG defeated them 2–0, something they have done only twice before and qualified for the playoffs. Evil Geniuses defeated G2 Esports 2–0. In the Grand Final, Evil Geniuses faced Astralis again, this time in a best of five. EG took the first map 16–3 and the second map 16–12. Unfortunately, on match point, EG choked a 4-round lead after reaching 15–11 and eventually lost the map 20–22. The next map, after struggling in the first half, EG won 16–8 and won the series 3–1.[49] Brehze was named MVP of the event.[50] At DreamHack Masters Malmö 2019, Evil Geniuses placed last alongside North, TyLoo, and fellow North Americans, Team Envy.  At StarSeries i-League CS:GO Season 8, located in Belek, Turkey, Evil Geniuses faced unknown Chinese 5Power Gaming in the opening match, where they won 2–0 relatively easily, though the team would fail to take two maps away from Swedish Ninjas in Pyjamas (NiP), forcing the EG into the losers bracket.[51][52] In the losers bracket, the team would defeat Heroic after narrowly losing the first map but taking the next two with little struggle.[53] EG took a solid victory against Furia 2–0 then took revenge against NiP by defeating the Swedes 2–0, progressing to the upper bracket.[54][55] Evil defeated Renegades (which later became 100 Thieves) 2–0, taking the first map easily but struggling slightly more on the second.[56] EG would next play Fnatic in the upper bracket finals. After a terrible first map losing 16–2, EG took the next two maps and booked a spot in the grand finals, facing the winner of the losers bracket, Fnatic once again.[57] In the grand final, EG played extremely well, making a tremendous comeback from a 9–0 deficit to win the first map 16–12 and win the second map much more decisively with a 16–9 score.[58] Ethan was named MVP of the event[59]  Daniel "Vorborg" Vorborg  Latest roster transaction: August 8, 2022.   In September 2019, Evil Geniuses announced it would be reentering League of Legends by filling in the League of Legends Championship Series (LCS) slot left open following the departure of Echo Fox.  During November, Evil Geniuses announced the signing of Dennis "Svenskeren" Johnsen, Tristan "Zeyzal" Stidam and Colin "Kumo" Zhao of Cloud9, Bae "Bang" Jun-sik of 100 Thieves, Daniele "Jiizuke" di Mauro of Team Vitality and Heo "Irean" Yeong-chol of Counter Logic Gaming as the Head Coach.[60][61][62][63][64][65] They ended the Spring Split in 3rd place, losing to FlyQuest in the playoffs with a final score of 1–3.  In the 2022 spring split, the team placed fourth in the regular season with a .500 record of 9–9, and played against the first seed Team Liquid in the first round of playoffs, falling 3–2. The team then went on to complete a lower bracket run all the way to the Grand Finals, including a decisive 3–0 win against Team Liquid. In the Grand Finals, Evil Geniuses beat 100 Thieves 3–0 to win their first LCS Championship as an organization.[66] They went on to finish 3–4th at the 2022 Mid-Season Invitational, losing 3–0 against eventual champions Royal Never Give Up. Keeping the same roster for the summer split, Evil Geniuses finished 3rd following a 3–2 loss against 100 Thieves.[67]  Following the 2022 World Championship, where the team placed finished 11th–14th with a 1/5 group stage record, Evil Geniuses released their coaches Peter Dun, Artemis, Rigby, Artemis, and academy head coach ZzLegendary.[68] It was later announced that Impact also left the team.[69]  Latest roster transaction: September 7, 2022.   During September 2021, Evil Geniuses announced their return to the RLCS.  On October 5, they announced the signing of "German Amigos" consisting of Leonardo “Catalysm” Crist Ramos, Ivan “ivn” Sabri, Riccardo “Rizex45” Mazzotta and coach Kuno “Mumen” Hildebrandt.[70] On September 30 Rizex45 and Mumen were released.[71]On October 3 Damian "Tox" Schäfer was signed as a player with John "Virge" Willis as coach.[72]  John "Virge" Willist  Latest roster transaction: October 3, 2022.   On January 27, 2021, Evil Geniuses entered Valorant with their first roster consisting of Temperature, aleksandar, Osias, clawdia and Potter.[73] On September 21, 2022, they were selected as a partner to compete in the Valorant Champions Tour Americas League.[74]  Christine "potter" Chi  Jimmy "LiN" Lin  Latest roster transaction: April 21, 2022.   In early 2019, Evil Geniuses acquired a Fortnite Battle Royale team. The team was released in June 2020.[75]  In July 2017, Evil Geniuses announced that they would be releasing their Overwatch team just two months after it was originally formed.[76]  In October 2017, Evil Geniuses acquired a PUBG team. After many changes throughout the following year, Evil Geniuses dropped the team in December 2018.[77]  In November 2017, the team announced that they had acquired the roster for the Rainbow Six Pro League team of Continuum shortly before the Year 2 Season 3 Finals. It included Troy "Canadian" Jaroslawski, Nathan "nvK" Valenti, Austin "Yung" Trexler, Brandon "BC" Carr, Ammar “Necrox” Albanna, and Jordan “BKN” Soojian as the team's Coach.[27]  At the Year 2 Season 3 Finals in São Paulo, Brazil, EG placed 5–8th after losing to eventual champions ENCE Esports in the quarter finals. In February 2018, the team placed second to PENTA Sports in the Six Invitational 2018, the Rainbow Six Siege world championship. BKN would be released from the team on August 30 after placing second to G2 Esports, who picked up the former PENTA roster, in the Six Major Paris 2018.[78] Necrox was later moved to the coach role as the team acquired Emilio "Geoometrics" Leynez Cuevas on September 3. Peter Chao also became manager of the Rainbow Six Siege team the same day.[79] BC retired from a playing role on September 20, bringing Necrox back to a player role.[80] On October 12, Aaron "Gotcha" Chung filled the empty spot of coach for the team and often played when another member of the team was unable to play.[citation needed]  In August 2019, Evil Geniuses would fall in the group stages of the Six Major Raleigh 2019 stunning fans and opponents. After a disappointing run in the Six Major Raleigh, Peter Chao, Gotcha, and Canadian all left the team, supporting the rumors of a potential change.[29][30][31] To replace Canadian as a player, Morquis "Modigga" Hribar joined EG from Gotcha's former team, Disrupt Gaming. Ryan Towey also replaced Peter Chao as Manager. Canadian joined Spacestation Gaming and Gotcha joined Team SoloMid (TSM). EG performed relatively badly in the second half of Pro League Season 10, tying to Susquehanna Soniqs, Rogue, losing to Luminosity Gaming, placing 3rd failing to reach the Pro League Season 10 Finals in Tokoname, Japan.[81]  In November, Geoometrics left to join TSM and was replaced by Gotcha as a player. Tristan "Ranger" Pehrson, the former coach of Rogue, joined as a coach.[82]  On April 15, 2020, Evil Geniuses released the roster.[34]  (I) Inactive (S) Suspended     Substitute  Injury / Illness Vacant (I) Inactive (S) Suspended     Substitute  Injury / Illness (I) Inactive (S) Suspended     Substitute  Injury / Illness (I) Inactive (S) Suspended     Substitute  Injury / Illness"
Aladin Saha Puduma Pahana;" Aladin Saha Puduma Pahana (Sinhala: ඇලඩින් සහ පුදුම පහන) is a 2018 Sri Lankan Sinhalese fantasy thriller film directed by Sumith Kumara and produced by Prasad Wijesuriya.[2] It stars Dhananjaya Siriwardena and Udari Warnakulasooriya in lead roles along with Nethu Priyangika and D.B. Gangodathenna. Music composed by Ruvin Diaz.[3][4] It is the 1308th Sri Lankan film in the Sinhalese cinema.[5]  The film contains two songs.[6]    This article related to Sri Lankan film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Dhananjaya Siriwardena as Aladin Udari Warnakulasooriya as Princess Nethu Priyangika as Nidiya, princess's servant D.B. Gangodathenna as Mashoor Pasha Dilhara Rajapaksha as Fathima Bindu Bothalegama as Suleiman, palace guard Nimal Pallewatte as Ghost in the ring Senaka Titus Anthony as Ghost in the lamp Priyantha Mansilu as Hasan Rohitha Dias as Maha Amathi"
Propane Nightmares;" "Propane Nightmares" is a song by Australian drum and bass band Pendulum, released as the second single from their second album In Silico. It incorporates elements of the song "Million Miles from Home" by German happy hardcore band Dune.[1] It has received significant airplay on BBC Radio 1, being played frequently by DJ Zane Lowe.  The song was released exclusively for download on 12 April 2008 in Australia and New Zealand, where Pendulum were on tour at the time.[2] It was later released globally for download on 21 April, and on physical formats on 28 April.[3] The song reached number sixteen in the UK Singles Chart on April 27 based on downloads alone, and on May 4, the song peaked at number nine. It was also the official theme song of WWE Cyber Sunday 2008[4] as well as being used as background music for the official video highlights of the 2008 Belgian Grand Prix.[5] It is also used as the runout song for Rotherham United football team.[6]  "Propane Nightmares" has received mixed reviews from music critics, mostly as a result of the change in style compared to older tracks produced by Pendulum. Some reviewers praised the new direction that the band had taken, for example Gerard McGarry wrote, in an article for Unreality Music, that Pendulum "have created an epic song that – for our money – fuses their penchant for dance and rock music beautifully".[7] Jo-Ann Greene of Allmusic described the song as "another sizzling single" in her review of In Silico,[8] while Fiona McGlynn wrote that "...Propane Nightmares is a fresh take on a merge of genres that actually works", in her single review for the Manchester Evening News.[9] It was also named 38th in Q magazine's Q50 of April 2008.  The track also received some criticism, mostly derived from Pendulum's migration from drum and bass to a more rock-imbued sound. In his review for AngryApe, Tim Johnson pointed out that "the problem... lies in Pendulum trying to cram too much into one space... almost like two or three different songs being played on top of one another".[10] Simon Catling went further, writing an open letter in the webzine God Is in the TV to Pendulum asking them to "decide whether [they] wish to be a band or a drum n’ bass act" and commenting that "at the moment all [they're] providing us with is a horribly half-baked and shoddy form of neither".[11]  On 22 July 2008, it was announced that "Propane Nightmares" had been nominated for Best Single at the Kerrang! Awards 2008 ceremony, alongside singles from four other rock bands.[12] The ceremony was held on 21 August, and Pendulum lost to Thirty Seconds to Mars who took Best Single with their song "From Yesterday".[13]  A music video was also produced themed around a religious cult closely resembling Heaven's Gate, in particular depicting the mass suicide of members of a cult by poison after first drinking citric juices. Several scenes of Pendulum performing before the cult are intercut in the middle of the video, which otherwise focuses primarily on two members who attempt to flee during the mass suicides. It features English actor Marc Baylis, who later became famous for his role as Rob Donovan in Coronation Street.   The video was originally uploaded to the band's YouTube channel as early as 27 March 2008 to help promote the single.[14] It was later released for download in May, most notably through the digital media delivery service Xbox Live, which allowed all users to download the video freely.[15] It was also included on the special edition and iTunes bonus tracks versions of In Silico, the album from which the song was originally taken. "Propane Nightmares" entered the UK Singles Chart on 27 April 2008 at number sixteen based on downloads alone. After the release of physical formats during the following week, the song peaked at number nine on 4 May,[16] becoming their first UK top 10 single. It also entered the Billboard European Hot 100 chart, peaking on 17 May at number 32 and remaining in the chart for a total of ten weeks.[17] "Propane Nightmares" was also the band's first charting single in the United States, reaching number 38 on the Billboard Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart in December 2008.[18] It was also featured on Now 70, the first of the band's songs to be featured in a Now! album.  These are the major formats and associated track listings of single releases of "Propane Nightmares", which was written by Rob Swire, Bernd Burhoff, Oliver Froning and Jens Oettrich.[19]  12-inch vinyl single[1] (WEA445T, released 28 April 2008)  CD single[20] (WEA445CD, released 28 April 2008)    Digital EP[21][22] (iTunes Store, 7digital, released 18 April 2008)  Promo CD single[23]    The following people contributed to "Propane Nightmares".[24]     Sales+streaming figures based on certification alone.  The song has been remixed by popular artist Celldweller and Australian electropop group Van She. The Celldweller remix is included in the soundtrack for the video games, including MotorStorm: Arctic Edge and KickBeat.  Chiptune artists Inverse Phase and Emma Essex have released NES cover versions of the song titled "Propane NESmares"[30] and "2A03 Nightmares",[31] respectively.  American musician Grabbitz produced a remix as a featured guest on Pendulum's remix album The Reworks.  Drum and bass electronic rock 5:13 (album version) 4:19 (radio edit) Rob Swire Bernd Burhoff Oliver Froning Jens Oettrich "Propane Nightmares" (radio edit) – 4:19 "Propane Nightmares" (original version) – 5:13 "Propane Nightmares" –  5:13 "Propane Nightmares" (V.I.P. mix) – 5:22 "Propane Nightmares" (VST remix) – 4:48 "Propane Nightmares" (Celldweller remix) – 5:36 "Propane Nightmares" (VST remix) – 4:48 Rob Swire – vocals, synthesiser, mixing Peredur ap Gwynedd – guitar Paul Kodish – drums Gareth McGrillen – bass, secondary vocals Andy Wood – trombone Andy Greenwood – trumpet Craig Wild – trumpet Simon Askew – mixing John Davis – mastering Australia New Zealand"
Domaji;" Domaji  is a village in Croatia.  Coordinates: 46°08′N 16°45′E﻿ / ﻿46.133°N 16.750°E﻿ / 46.133, 16.750    This Koprivnica-Križevci County geography article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Brampton, Michigan;" Brampton is an unincorporated community in Delta County, in the U.S. state of Michigan.[1]  A post office was established at Brampton in 1874, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1984.[2][3] The community was named after the town of Brampton, in England.[4]  This Michigan-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
R Apodis;" R Apodis (R Aps) is a star in the constellation Apus.  R Apodis is an orange K-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +5.34.  It is approximately 386 light years from Earth.  It was earlier suspected to be a variable star and given the variable star designation R Apodis. Now it is confirmed as a non-variable.[8]  R Apodis has exhausted its core hydrogen fuel and left the main sequence.  It has a mass 10% higher than the Sun's, and it has cooled to 4,318 K and expanded to 23 times the radius of the Sun. Despite being cooler than the sun, its large size means it emits 229 times more electromagnetic radiation. "
Nick Bouras;"   Nick (Nicandros) Bouras is a Greek professor (emeritus) of psychiatry at the Institute of Psychiatry, Psychology and Neuroscience[1] King's College London, United Kingdom. and Programme Director of Maudsley International that promotes developments in mental health around the world.  He was born in Patras, Greece and studied medicine at the University of Athens. Subsequently, he trained in Neurology and Psychiatry in Athens, Oxford and London and obtained a PhD from the University of London in 1979. Between 1982 and 1999 he was a Senior Lecturer in Psychiatry at the Department of Psychiatry Guy's Medical School and United Medical and Dental Schools Guy's and St Thomas' Hospitals, London. From 1982 to 2008 he was Consultant Psychiatrist for the South London and the Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust and from 1999 to 2008 he held a Chair in Psychiatry at the Health Service and Population Research Department, at the Institute of Psychiatry, King's College London.  His research has centered on the psychiatric ward environments, community psychiatry and the mental health of people with intellectual disabilities. He led the research programme in one of the first community mental health centres in the UK and played an important role in the development of the first community based mental health service in the UK for people with intellectual disabilities. He systematically studied the re-provision of services, following the closure of institutions. In 1999 he initiated and developed the Estia Centre, an innovative concept combining clinical services, training and research. He chaired the Research & Development Group of the Daedalus Trust that provided a focal point for current thinking on hubris behaviour and the ways that exercising power may affect personality and decision making. He also chaired the Research Advisory Group of Thrive a UK-based Charity that uses horticultural therapy to bring about profound transformations in the lives of people with disabilities or mental ill health.  He is a Fellow of the Royal College of Psychiatrists of the UK, the International Association for the Scientific Study of Intellectual Disability and has been Chairman of the World Psychiatric Association, Section of Intellectual Disabilities, President of the Psychiatry Section of the Royal Society of Medicine and Vice President of the European Association of Mental Health in Intellectual Disabilities.  He was the editor of the journal Intellectual Disability Research – Mental Health and of special papers of the British Journal Psychiatry – International. He has published extensively in community psychiatry and mental health aspects of people with intellectual disabilities. "
Junqueira cattle;" The Junqueira cow is a cattle breed from Brazil that is the result of crosses between Caracu and other Brazilian varieties.[1]  It is of the subspecies Bos taurus ibericus[2] and has submetacentric Y chromosomes, suggesting it is taurine in origin.[3] The breed has been raised since the 18th century, in São Paulo but only about 100 remained in 2005. However, it has been cloned in the laboratory by the Brazilian Agricultural Research Corporation.[4]  Early on, its long horns were used  to  manufacture berrantes. Today, the Junqueira cow is an endangered species, with fewer than 100 left in Brazil.[5]    This cattle-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Szemzdrowo;" Szemzdrowo [ʂɛmzˈdrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojanowo, within Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.[1]      This Rawicz County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
High School Affiliated to Beijing Institute of Technology;" High School Affiliated to Beijing Institute of Technology (High School Affiliated to BIT) (Chinese: 北京理工大学附属中学 (北京理工附中)) is a public secondary school located on the bank of Kunyu River in Haidian, Beijing. Founded in 1950, High School Affiliated to BIT formed a distinctive educational characteristic "humanity as foundation, technology as feature. " High School Affiliated to BIT was identified as Beijing Model General High School in 2004.[1]  High School Affiliated to Beijing Institute of Technology was founded on 14 December 1950. Minister of education of People's Republic of China Ma Xulun, vice minister of education Wei Que and deputy mayor of Beijing Wu Han attended opening ceremony.  High School Affiliated to BIT was established in 1950 as Beijing Crash High School of Workers and Peasants. It was renamed as "High School Affiliated to Beijing Industrial College" in 1962, and was renamed as "High School Affiliated to BIT" in 1990.  In 1980, High School Affiliated to BIT was identified as[citation needed]  In 2004, High School Affiliated to BIT was identified as Beijing Model General High School.[2]  The school color is not officially declared, yet the uniforms are purple, also, the school building is partly painted purple. "
Buz;" Buz  may refer to:  Buz, Albania, a village in Memaliaj municipality, Gjirokastër County, Albania Buz, Iran, a village in Khuzestan Province, Iran the nickname of William A. Brock (born 1941), American mathematical economist and professor Buz, son of Nahor, a minor Biblical character Buz, an ancient tribe mentioned in Jeremiah 25:23 the title character of Buz Sawyer, an American comic strip published from 1943 to 1989"
Richard Warburton (disambiguation);" Sir Richard Warburton (died 1610) was an English Member of Parliament.  Richard Warburton may also refer to:  Richard Warburton (died 1716), Member of Parliament for Portarlington (Parliament of Ireland constituency) Richard Warburton (died 1717), Member of Parliament for Ballyshannon (Parliament of Ireland constituency) Richard Warburton (died 1747), Member of Parliament for Portarlington and Ballynakill (Parliament of Ireland constituency) Richard Warburton (died 1771), Member of Parliament for Queen's County (Parliament of Ireland constituency) Richard Warburton Lytton (1745–1810), English landowner"
Wang Da-hong;" Wang Da-hong (Chinese: 王大閎, 6 July 1917 – 28 May 2018) was a Chinese-born Taiwanese architect. Regarded as one of the pioneers of modernist architecture in Taiwan, his architectural philosophy, whilst very modern in its application, was informed by both the traditional Chinese garden and the Siheyuan – a historical type of family residence which comprises several dwellings around a courtyard.[1]  Wang was born in Beijing, but grew up in Shanghai and Suzhou. His father was Wang Ch'ung-hui, a prominent Chinese jurist, diplomat and politician.[2] During the early 1930s, he went to school in Switzerland. In 1936, he started studying engineering at Cambridge University, before switching to architecture. In 1940, he enrolled at Harvard University, where he was taught by Walter Gropius. There, Wang was briefly a classmate of Huang Zuo-shen (aka Henry Huang), who would later become known as the founding director of The School of Architecture at Tongji University.[3] Wang was also a classmate of both IM Pei and Philip Johnson.[4]  Returning to Shanghai in 1947, he met up again with Huang Zuo-shen, and they both started working as part of the Five United, a disparate group of Chinese architects who had mostly studied at British universities.[5]  The Society for Research and Preservation of Wang Da-hong’s Architecture was founded in December 2013. Shyu Ming-song, secretary general of the society, says that Wang's single-story house (c.1953) on Jianguo South Road in Taipei “...was perhaps the first Western-style work with Chinese features to garner high acclaim in Taiwan”.[6]  Wang was also a fiction writer, with two novels published. In February 2014, he was awarded Taiwan's National Cultural Award.[6]  His notable works include the Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs building in Taipei. In the early 1960s, Wang won the competition to design the National Palace Museum, however his modernist design was ultimately rejected in favour of a more traditional approach by Huang Baoyu.[6][2]  Wang died on 28 May 2018 at the age of 100.[7]  Wei Family residence in Taiwan (late 1940s) Office of Taiwan Fisheries (late 1940s) Central Bank, Guangzhou branch (late 1940s) Yangde Avenue Japanese Ambassador to China (c.1953) Architect's residence, Jianguo South Road, Taipei (c.1953) – demolished, later rebuilt as a replica in the Taipei Art Park (c.2014) National Taiwan University Fisheries Museum (c.1954) National Taiwan University Department of Chemistry (c.1957) National Taiwan University Museum (c.1959) Initial blueprint for the National Palace Museum (early c.1960s) – later rejected Ma Gongzhong Oil Office Building (c.1960) National Taiwan University First Student Activity Center (c.1961) Taipei Prison ( Kameyama Prison ) General Office, Factory, Auditorium (c.1961) National Taiwan University Chemical Engineering Museum (c.1961, c.1971 expansion east and west sides) National Taiwan University Geological Science Museum (c.1962) Freshwater Golf Club (c.1963) National Taiwan University Law School Library (c.1963) Lin Yutang house (c.1963) Hong-Lu Apartments, Jinan Road, Taipei (c.1964) Asian Cement Building (c.1966) National Taiwan University girls ninth dormitory (c.1966) Monument to the Moon Conquest (c.1969) – not constructed National Taiwan University Returnees Scholars (c.1970, Changxing Street, No. 60, No. 62) Good House (c.1970) Office of the Ministry of Education of the Republic of China (c.1971) Songshan Airport expansion (c.1971, co-design) Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall, Taipei (16 May c.1972) National Taiwan University Comprehensive Classroom and Comprehensive Auditorium (c.1972) Honglin Building (c.1972) Republic of China (ROC) Ministry of Foreign Affairs building, Taipei (c.1972) Institute of Biochemistry, Central Research Institute (completed in the first phase 1974, completed in Phase II, 1977, at the University of Taiwan ) Institute of Botany, Academia Sinica Li Xianwen Memorial Hall (c.1975) Central Research Institute Three People's Institute Building (c.1976) National Taiwan University Agricultural Museum (c.1976) Zhang Qunying (in c.1977, now Zhang Qun's former residence Central Institute of Mathematics Institute Building (c.1977) Qingling Industrial Research Center Building (c.1977, located in Taiwan University ) Tianyu Apartment (c.1979) Renaissance East Gate Christian Church Presbyterian Church (c.1980) Institute of Information Science, Central Research Institute (c.1980) Dongwu University City campus cast autumn building (c.1981) Central Research Institute European and American Joint Building (c.1982) Central Research Institute of Historical Relics (c.1984) Institute of Molecular Biology, Central Research Institute (c.1985) Central Research Institute Student Hostel (c.1987) National Taiwan University Health Care and Medical Center (c.1987) Soochow University Sungai Campus School (c.1989) Chen Xiayu House (c.1995) Du Lian-kue (1977, novel) by Wang Da-hong – published in Chinese Phantasmagoria (2013, novel) by Wang Da-hong – published in English, later translated into Chinese"
USS Metcalf;" USS Metcalf (DD-595), was a  Fletcher-class destroyer of the United States Navy named for James Metcalf, who served on the schooner USS Enterprise during the First Barbary War.  James Metcalf, also spelled Medcalf in records, boarded schooner USS Enterprise as a seaman at Malta on 16 May 1803. On 19 September 1804 he was promoted to boatswain's mate and transferred the next day to the brig USS Syren. He also served on the frigates USS Essex and USS Constitution. On 16 February 1804 Metcalf was one of 84 handpicked volunteers from Enterprise to join Lieutenant Stephen Decatur's expedition into Tripoli Harbor on 16 February 1804 to destroy USS Philadelphia, a United States frigate captured by Tripolitan pirates in the First Barbary War.  Metcalf was laid down by Puget Sound Navy Yard, Bremerton, Washington, 10 August 1943, launched 25 September 1944, sponsored by Mrs. Harold C. Pound, and commissioned 18 November 1944.  Following shakedown off San Diego, California, Metcalf was assigned to the Pacific Fleet for duty. The destroyer departed Bremerton, Wash., 19 February 1945 for the Carolines via Pearl Harbor, Territory of Hawaii, arriving at Ulithi on 16 March.  Just in time to join the armada of warships staging there for the Okinawa campaign, Metcalf operated with escort carrier Group 3. From 27 March her group furnished close air support for the landings at Kerama Retto (26 March) and Okinawa (1 April), and made raids on the neighboring Japanese-held islands until 20 April. During this period the ship rescued half a dozen pilots and crewmembers of downed carrier planes. She also performed radar picket and screen operations.  Metcalf departed on the 20th for the Philippines via Guam, reporting to commander, 7th Fleet, at Leyte 30 April. The destroyer spent May and June convoying the fast cruisers and transports being assembled for the Borneo invasion.  On 9 June Metcalf arrived off Brunei Bay, Borneo, for 2 days patrol of the South China Sea before beginning shore bombardment in support of the Australian landing at Brunei Bay the 10th. After action off Miri-Lutong, south of Brunei Bay, from 19 to 21 June, she reached Balikpapan on the 27th for operations with Task Force 74 (TF 74) prior to the main landing by Australian troops 1 July.  Metcalf reported to commander, Philippine sea frontier, 4 August for duty escorting convoys between the Philippines and Okinawa. She was one day out of Okinawa in antisubmarine formation for Convoy 10K-204 when the Japanese capitulated.  Assigned to the newly formed North China Force, the destroyer departed Okinawa 4 September to participate in the landing of Army occupation forces at Korea. Metcalf joined Shields, Hart, and Conner in leading Task Unit 78.1.15 (TU 78.1.15) into Jinsen 8 September through the mine-infested Yellow Sea. She stood ready to provide fire support for the landing troops the next day if needed.  On 12 September Metcalf got underway through the Yellow Sea for operations supporting the occupation of China. Her ports of call included Dairen, Ching-wang-tao, Taku, Chefoo, Shanghai, and Hong Kong.  In early 1946 Metcalf steamed for the west coast, via Pearl Harbor, arriving San Diego to report in March to the 16th (Inactive Reserve) Fleet. She decommissioned March 1946, and entered the Pacific Reserve Fleet there. After berthing at Long Beach, California, from 1 July 1951 into 1960, Metcalf moved to Stockton, California.  Metcalf was stricken 2 January 1971, she was sold 6 June 1972 and broken up for scrap.  Metcalf received three battle stars for World War II service.  60,000 shp (45,000 kW) 2 propellers 5 ×  5 in (127 mm) guns 4 × 40 mm AA guns 4 × 20 mm AA guns 10 × 21 in (533 mm) torpedo tubes, 6 × depth charge projectors 2 × depth charge tracks This article incorporates text from the public domain Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships. The entry can be found here. navsource.org: USS Metcalf hazegray.org: USS Metcalf ussmetcalf.com: USS "Metcalf" v t e Abbot Abner Read Albert W. Grant Ammen Anthony Aulick Bache Beale Bearss Bell Benham Bennett Bennion Black Boyd Bradford Braine Brown Brownson Bryant Bullard Burns Bush Callaghan Caperton Capps Cassin Young Charles Ausburne Charles J. Badger Charrette Chauncey Chevalier Clarence K. Bronson Claxton Cogswell Colahan Colhoun Conner Converse Conway Cony Cotten Cowell Cushing Daly Dashiell David W. Taylor De Haven Dortch Dyson Eaton Erben Evans Fletcher Foote Franks Fullam Gatling Gregory Guest Haggard Hailey Hale Halford Hall Halligan Halsey Powell Haraden Harrison Hart (ex-Mansfield) Hazelwood Healy Heermann Heywood L. Edwards Hickox Hoel Hopewell Howorth Hudson Hunt Hutchins Ingersoll Irwin Isherwood Izard Jarvis Jenkins John D. Henley John Hood John Rodgers Johnston Kidd Killen Kimberly Knapp La Vallette Laws Leutze Lewis Hancock Little Longshaw Luce Marshall McCord McDermut McGowan McKee McNair Melvin Mertz Metcalf Miller Monssen Morrison Mullany (ex-Beatty) Murray Newcomb Nicholas Norman Scott O'Bannon Owen Paul Hamilton Philip Picking Porter Porterfield Preston Prichett Pringle Radford Remey Renshaw Richard P. Leary Ringgold Robinson Rooks Ross Rowe Saufley Schroeder Shields Sigourney Sigsbee Smalley Spence Sproston Stanly Stembel Stephen Potter Stevens Stockham Stoddard Strong Taylor Terry Thatcher The Sullivans (ex-Putnam, Sullivan) Tingey Trathen Twiggs Twining Uhlmann Van Valkenburgh Wadleigh Wadsworth Walker Waller Watts Wedderburn Wickes Wiley William D. Porter Wren Yarnall Young Percival Watson Stevenson Stockton Thorn Turner DD-523 (Unnamed) – DD-525 (Unnamed) DD-542 (Unnamed) DD-543 (Unnamed) DD-548 (Unnamed) DD-549 (Unnamed) Almirante Brown (ex-Heermann) Espora (ex-Dortch) Rosales (ex-Stembel) Almirante Domecq García (ex-Braine) Almirante Storni (ex-Cowell) Pará (ex-Guest) Paraíba (ex-Bennett) Paraná (ex-Cushing) Pernambuco (ex-Hailey) Piauí (ex-Lewis Hancock) Santa Catarina (ex-Irwin) Maranhão (ex-Shields) Blanco Encalada (ex-Wadleigh) Cochrane (ex-Rooks) (Charles J. Badger was purchased by the Chilean Navy for spare parts) Kwei Yang (ex-Twining) Chiang Yang (ex-Mullany) An Yang (ex-Kimberly) Kun Yang (ex-Yarnall) Antioquia (ex-Hale) Zerstörer 1 (ex-Anthony) Zerstörer 2 (ex-Ringgold) Zerstörer 3 (ex-Wadsworth) Zerstörer 4 (ex-Claxton) Zerstörer 5 (ex-Dyson) Zerstörer 6 (ex-Charles Ausburne) Aspis (ex-Conner) Kimon (ex-Zerstörer 2) Lonchi (ex-Hall) Navarinon (ex-Brown) Nearchos (ex-Zerstörer 3) Sfendoni (ex-Aulick) Thyella (ex-Bradford) Velos (ex-Charrette) (Claxton and Dyson were purchased by the Hellenic Navy for spare parts) Geniere (ex-Pritchett) Lanciere (ex-Taylor) Fante (ex-Walker) Ariake (ex-Heywood L. Edwards) Yūgure (ex-Richard P. Leary) Chung Mu (ex-Erben) Seoul (ex-Halsey Powell) Pusan (ex-Hickox) Cuauhtémoc (ex-Harrison) Cuitláhuac (ex-John Rodgers) Villar (ex-Benham) Almirante Guise (ex-Isherwood) (La Vallette and Terry were purchased by the Peruvian Navy for spare parts) Lepanto (ex-Capps) Almirante Ferrandíz (ex-David W. Taylor) Almirante Valdés (ex-Converse) Alcalá Galiano (ex-Jarvis) Jorge Juan (ex-McGowan) İstanbul (ex-Clarence K. Bronson) İzmir (ex-Van Valkenburgh) İzmit (ex-Cogswell) İskenderun (ex-Boyd) İçel (ex-Preston) Preceded by:  Gleaves class Followed by:  Allen M. Sumner class List of destroyers of the United States Navy"
Karniffel;" Karniffel or Thuringian Karnöffel was a trick-taking card game for four players, playing in pairs, the rules of which were recorded in some detail in a German periodical of the late 18th century where it was described as being played by the Thuringian peasantry. Karniffel was a descendant of the original Karnöffel.  Karniffel was a descendant of the original Karnöffel, which itself originated in Bavaria in the first quarter of the 15th century and is thus the oldest identifiable European card game in the history of playing cards with a continuous tradition of play down to the present day.[1] Research in recent decades has identified a number of other card games played in Switzerland, with Swiss-suited cards, and in north Germany and the Baltic region, with French-suited cards, but the rules of Karniffel are recorded earlier than any of the other members of the family and it is one of only two variants known to use German-suited cards, the other being the Austro-Bavarian game of Watten. (The extinct Polish game of Drużbart also used German-suited cards, of the Polish pattern.)  Although games variously known as Karniffel, Karniffeln, Karnöffel or Karnöffeln, were played in much of German-speaking central Europe from around 1425, the earliest detailed description of a set of rules comes from an article in the periodical, Teutsche Merkur, dated 1783.[2] This version, "Karniffel", was a derivative of 15th-century Karnöffel that became popular in Thuringia. Like its parent, it featured a highly unusual hierarchy and cards with special properties. However, it also differed significantly in that it used a 36-card pack and had the "surprising feature" of two chosen suits.[3] Another oddity is that each side had a 'director' who instructs his partner on the cards to play.[4]  Relatives of Karniffel that are still played today include Swedish Bräus, German Knüffeln and Faroese Styrivolt.[5]  Karniffel had the following features that are unusual in card games:[2]  Although the chosen suits are often referred to as trump suits, this is not strictly correct as not all the cards of these suits have normal trump powers: some only have powers when led and others have no powers at all.  Karniffel was played with the 36 cards of a standard German-suited pack i.e. King, Ober, Unter, Ten, Nine, Eight, Seven, Six and Deuce in the suits of Acorns, Leaves, Hearts and Bells. However, the card ranking was highly unusual.[2]  There were three permanent top cards or matadors, known as the 'beasts':[2][4][6]  Next came the cards of the two chosen suits. For example, if Leaves and Bells are selected, the cards rank as follows:[2]  The cards with trump-like powers are often referred to as 'beaters'. They are the 3 beasts plus the O, U, and 6 of the chosen suits.  Although Wieland states that cards of the unselected suits rank in the same order: O > U > 6 > 8 > 9 > D > K > 10 > 7, he suggests earlier that this ranking only applies to the selected suits and that accords with all other descriptions of the rules of Karnöffel and its descendants, where unselected suits rank in their natural order: D > K > O > U > 10 > 9 > 8 > 7.[d] An Ober was known as Fauler Schlingel ("Lazy Rascal"), originally Fauler Fritz ("Lazy Freddy"), because it was unable to win anything until all the beaters had been exhausted.  The following rules are based Wieland (1783) except where stated.[2]  The aim is to win three or more tricks in each deal.[2]  The game is played by four or six players in two teams of two or three respectively. One player in each team is nominated as the 'director' or captain who may view the cards of his team and concede the game if it looks as if they will lose.[2]  The dealer shuffles the cards, offers them to rearhand for cutting and deals five cards to each player and turns the next two over to determine the selected suits. If the second card is of the same suit, another card is turned and, if necessary, more until a different suit appears. Any player with a 'Banner' (trump 10) may now exchange it for the trump upcard of the same suit.[2]  Forehand leads to the first trick.[e] There are no constraints on play to a trick.[3] The trick is won, in order, by:[2]  Wiegand does not make clear what rule applies if two cards of equal value (both trumps or both non-trumps) are played. In other variants of Karnöffel, the trick is won either by the first of the two cards played (e.g. Watten) or suit priority applies in the order: Acorns, Leaves, Hearts and Bells or their French-suited equivalent (e.g. most of the Bruus family)  The team that wins three or more tricks wins the stake for the game.[6]  Three permanent top cards known as the 'beasts' (Thiere) Two 'chosen ' or 'selected' suits[a] Chosen cards with special powers - the Sevens and the free cards: the Eights and Nines Chosen cards with no trumping power at all - the Deuces, Kings and Tens One player on each team is the 'director' and instructs his partner(s) on what to play  8 - the Tolle ("Wild One", "Dare Devil" or "Madman") or Alter Thier ("Old Beast")  9 - the Roter Thier ("Red Beast")  9 - Gelber Thier ("Yellow Beast") O O - the Oberkarniffel or Landsknecht ("trooper" or "footsoldier") U U - the Unterkarniffel or Büttel ("beadle") 6 6 - the Papst ("Pope") 8 - free card (Freykarte)[b] 9 - free card D D - Deuces K K - Kaiser ("Emperor") 10 10 - Banner or Pannier ("Banner") 7 7 - die böse Sieben ("the evil/bad/naughty Seven").[c] When led to a trick, a chosen Seven automatically won, but it could not be led to the first trick. Trump 7 if led Free card if led, unless beaten by a beast or Oberkarniffel[f] Highest beast Highest O U 6 of selected suit Highest card of led suit[g]"
Glycinol (pterocarpan);" Glycinol is a pterocarpan, a type of natural phenol. It is a phytoalexin found in the soybean (Glycine max). It is formed by the cyclisation of daidzein.  More recent literature supports that glycinol has potent phytoestrogenic activity.[1][2]  The so-called osteogenesis that is causes is postulated to be a preventative factor for osteoporosis.  It can be synthethised chemically and possesses two chiral centers.[3]  Glycinol is the direct precursor of glyceollins through the action of a prenyltransferase.  Experiments show that the 6a oxygen of glycinol is derived from molecular oxygen.[4]    This article about an aromatic compound is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. 69393-95-9 N Interactive image CHEBI:15649 114790 N C01263 129648 Q0O9HGR94O DTXSID20989207  InChI=1S/C15H12O5/c16-8-1-3-10-12(5-8)19-7-15(18)11-4-2-9(17)6-13(11)20-14(10)15/h1-6,14,16-18H,7H2/t14-,15+/m0/s1 NKey: QMXOFBXZEKTJIK-LSDHHAIUSA-N N InChI=1/C15H12O5/c16-8-1-3-10-12(5-8)19-7-15(18)11-4-2-9(17)6-13(11)20-14(10)15/h1-6,14,16-18H,7H2/t14-,15+/m0/s1Key: QMXOFBXZEKTJIK-LSDHHAIUBH O3c1c(ccc(O)c1)[C@@H]4Oc2cc(O)ccc2[C@]4(O)C3"
Parliament of Cameroon;" The Parliament of Cameroon is the legislature of Cameroon. A bicameral body, it consists of the Senate and the National Assembly.[1] The parliament is composed of 187 members, 180 MPs and 100 senators.  This Cameroon-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Human rights President (list) Paul Biya Prime Minister (list) Joseph Ngute Government Senate President: Marcel Niat Njifenji National Assembly President: Cavayé Yéguié Djibril Regions Departments Communes Villages Recent elections Presidential: 20112018 Parliamentary: 20132020 Presidential: 2011 2018 Parliamentary: 2013 2020 Political parties Ministry of Foreign Affairs Minister: Lejeune Mbella Mbella Diplomatic missions of / in Cameroon Passport Visa requirements Visa policy Other countries v t e"
Savage Model 110;" The Savage Model 110 is a bolt-action repeating rifle made by Savage Arms. It was designed in 1958 by Nicholas L. Brewer. It was patented in 1963. The Model 110 has been in continuous production since that time.  The Model 110 was developed to give the hunters a strong and powerful yet light and affordable rifle. Its model number is derived from its initial retail price of $109.95. It was originally made for .30-06 Springfield and .270 Winchester ammunition. In 1959, a short-action version was introduced, chambered in .243 Winchester and .308 Winchester. The same year, the Model 110 was the first commercial bolt-action rifle sold in a left-handed configuration.[1]  In 1966, the Model 110's design was altered to improve performance and reduce production costs. Changes included a new adjustable trigger and a new bolt with a plunger-type ejector passing through the bolt face rather than the magazine-mounted, spring-loaded ejector that was part of Brewer's original design. The new ejector allowed the use of detachable box magazines. A model with a hinged floorplate was also introduced that year.  When Savage Arms filed for bankruptcy in 1988, the firm cut its product line down to only the most basic Model 110 rifles. The design has since succeeded in bringing the company back to life as one of the largest bolt-action rifle makers in America.  In 1998, Savage re-engineered the short-action Model 110 and adopted a new model numbering scheme to differentiate short-action models from long actions. The short-action Model 110 became the Model 10, while the long-action model remained the Model 110. The Model 110 is the basis for the entire line of Savage centerfire bolt-action rifles, including the Models 11/111, 12, 14/114, 16/116, and Model 210 bolt-action shotgun as well as the Stevens Model 200. The series is available in a wide variety of chamberings, from .204 Ruger to .338 Winchester Magnum, to suit the needs of most shooters.  Addressing concerns about what was considered by many to be a weak point of the design, Savage introduced the AccuTrigger for the 110 series in 2003. Those rifles equipped with an AccuTrigger are adjustable by the end user through the turning of a single screw, offering a pull weight from one-and-a-half to six pounds. Target and select Varmint model rifles are adjustable down to six ounces.[2][3]  Many small arms produced by Savage such as the Model 110, have been used by soldiers in Ukraine during its 2022 conflict with Russia.[4]  The Model 110 was designed to be economical from the start.  Many of its smaller parts are accordingly made from investment castings and steel stampings.  The action and barrel are made from forged steel bar stock.  The barrel is threaded into the receiver and fixed via a large locknut located just ahead of the receiver, with a recoil lug sandwiched between the two.  This system allows barrels to be changed or headspace to be adjusted relatively easily, making for an extremely accurate yet inexpensive rifle.  The bolt is an easily manufactured assembly, consisting of a tube with a rotating forward baffle and the bolt head (with locking lugs) at one end, a removable handle attached via a threaded bolt and a rotating rear baffle at the rear of the assembly.  A striker assembly is held within.  The receiver and bolt designs make the rifle relatively simple to produce with a left-handed bolt.  So, it is popular among left-handed users.  The bolt head of the Model 110 is a "floating" design: A flat spring located behind the front baffle and bolt head assembly gives the assembly a small amount of free movement lateral to the bore axis. This motion assures that the locking lugs fully contact the receiver and so headspace is held to a minimum every time the bolt is locked. This feature is a significant factor contributing to the accuracy of the rifle.  The bolt head is a replaceable part. This means that if the user wishes to re-barrel the rifle for use with a different cartridge, the bolt head can be changed to a new case head diameter. This allows for a much wider range of cartridge interchangeability at less expense.  Each bolt head type includes a different means of cartridge ejection. The push feed bolt heads utilize a plunger-type ejector mounted in the bolt face. The controlled round feed bolt heads have a relief cut for a receiver-mounted, spring-loaded folding ejector to pass through as the bolt is retracted.  The safety is a three-position type, mounted in an ambidextrous position on the receiver tang, behind the bolt. The forward position is fire, the middle position locks the trigger while allowing the bolt to be opened and the rifle unloaded, and the rear position locks both the trigger and the bolt.  The bolt-release lever is located on the right side of the action (on right-handed models) behind the ejection port. Pressing this lever down while pulling the unlocked bolt to the rear allows the bolt to be removed from the rifle for cleaning.  There are many different models of the 110 series designed for different purposes. The basic 11/111 "Hunter" (blued carbon steel) models, 16/116 "Weather Warrior" (stainless steel) models, and 10/110FP "Law Enforcement" models include inexpensive wooden or synthetic stocks to keep costs down.  While the stocks provided with these models are certainly functional, many users have noted a substantial improvement in accuracy after installing a higher quality stock.  Other models, such as the 14/114 "Classic" and many of the 12 "Varmint" and 10FP "Law Enforcement" models are offered with high-quality stocks from the manufacturer.  In early 2018, Savage introduced the AccuFit™ custom-fit modular stock system on the existing 110 series variants and rebranded them all back under the "110" series name.  The Savage 110 Varmint is designed for shooting coyotes and other varmints. The Varmint is equipped with both AccuTrigger and AccuStock features, This allows shooters to personalize trigger-pull weight, stock comb height, and length of pull. The Varmint is available in calibers that include .204 Ruger, .223 Remington, and .22-250 Remington.[5]  In 2019, Savage introduced 110 Prairie Hunter variant. The Prairie Hunter is chambered in .224 Valkyrie. It has the AccuTrigger, AccuStock, and AccuFit systems. It has a 22-inch threaded barrel. Savage says it is most suitable for shooting varmints and predators.[6]  In 2019, Savage released the 110 High Country variant. The High Country is available in different versions that chamber 11 kinds of ammunition. The High Country has a spiral-fluted bolt and barrel. It has a camouflaged synthetic stock. It is equipped with the AccuTrigger, AccuStock, and Accufit Systems.[6]  U.S. Patent 3,005,279 Bolt-Action Rifle with Gas Deflecting Means, Oct. 24, 1961, Inv. N.L Brewer U.S. Patent 3,103,757 Bolt-Action Rifle with Ejector Housing on Magazine Box, Sep, 17, 1963, Inv. N.L Brewer U.S. Patent 3,106,033 Firing Mechanism With Sear Safety Indicator, Oct. 9, 1963, Inv. N.L. Brewer U.S. Patent 3,138,888 Trigger Safety for Bolt-Action Rifle, June 30, 1964, Inv. N.L Brewer U.S. Patent 6,553,706 Trigger Assembly Having A Secondary Sear [i.e. Accutrigger], April 29, 2003, Inv. Gancarz et al. 110 Predator — formerly the 10/110 Predator 110 Tactical — formerly the 10 FCP-SR 110 Hunter — formerly the 11/111 FCNS 110 Long Range Hunter — formerly the 11/111 Long Range Hunter 110 Scout — formerly the 11 Scout 110 Storm — formerly the 16/116 Weather Warrior 110 Bear Hunter — formerly the 16/116 Bear Hunter 110 Wolverine — new to the series, chambered in .450 Bushmaster Savage Model 10FP Savage Model 110 BA Savage Striker, a bolt action pistol based on the Savage Model 110"
Greater Baltimore Committee;" The Greater Baltimore Committee was formed to revitalize Baltimore City by businessmen in 1954.[1] Developer James Rouse chaired the urban renewal subcommittee.[2]  In 1955, the committee pushed for legislation to build the Jones Falls Expressway.[3]  GBC projects included   Charles Center Plan Jones Falls Expressway Friendship Airport Baltimore Civic Center Maryland Port Authority Mass Transit Administration"
Nowy Starogród;" Nowy Starogród [ˈnɔvɨ staˈrɔɡrut] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.[1]    Coordinates: 52°01′54″N 21°36′24″E﻿ / ﻿52.03167°N 21.60667°E﻿ / 52.03167, 21.60667    This Mińsk County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Gino Lanisse;" Gino Lanisse (born November 28, 1981) is a Haitian professional basketball player, who currently plays for the BBC Nyon in the Ligue Nationale de Basket in Switzerland.[2]  Lanisse was born in Haiti.[3]  Lanisse has played for the BBC Lausanne (LNA), MGS Grand-Saconnex (LNA), Union Neuchâtel Basket (LNA), BBC Nyon (LNA), Lugano Tigers.[4][5]    This biographical article about a Haitian sportsperson is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This biographical article relating to a Caribbean basketball player, coach, or other figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. LNA All-Domestic Players Team (2014)[1]"
Crocotania;"   Crocotania is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.[1]    This Euliini-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Crocotania crocota Razowski & Becker, 2003 List of Tortricidae genera"
Harle (river);" The Harle (in its upper course: Norder Tief) is a river of Lower Saxony, Germany, in the district of Wittmund in East Frisia.  Its entire course is within the borough of Wittmund and it discharges near Harlesiel through a Siel, a sluice in the dyke, into the North Sea. Near the village of Willen two headstreams Nordertief and Südertief join forming the Harle. Both tributaries are streams that originate in bogland depressions in the neighbouring borough of Aurich.  The Harle runs eastwards past the town of Wittmund and then flows in meanders in a northerly direction. It passes Carolinensiel and discharges through a lock and a scoop wheel into Harlesiel Harbour and from there into the North Sea.  The Harle is popular with tourists for rowing and, in the harbours of Carolinensiel and Harlesiel, for boats and ferries. Harlesiel is a ferry port for trips to the island of Wangerooge.    This East Frisia article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This article related to  a river in Lower Saxony is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. List of rivers of Lower Saxony"
J21;" J21 or J-21 may refer to:  Junkers J 21, a German reconnaissance aircraft SAAB J 21, a Swedish fighter Shenyang J-21, a Chinese prototype fighter Soko J-21 Jastreb, a Yugoslav light attack aircraft LNER Class J21, a British steam locomotive HMCS Canso (J21), a Bangor-class minesweeper of the Royal Navy and Royal Canadian Navy HSwMS Södermanland (J21), an Östergötland-class destroyer of the Swedish Navy INS Darshak (J21), a survey ship of the Indian Navy Bronchiolitis County Route J21 (California) Elongated pentagonal rotunda, a Johnson solid (J21)"
Drzazgowa Wola;" Drzazgowa Wola [dʐazˈɡɔva ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będków, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Będków, 16 km (10 mi) west of Tomaszów Mazowiecki, and 35 km (22 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.[1]    Coordinates: 51°33′N 19°48′E﻿ / ﻿51.550°N 19.800°E﻿ / 51.550, 19.800  This Tomaszów Mazowiecki County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Europa Universalis: Crown of the North;" Europa Universalis: Crown of the North (original title: Svea Rike III) is a real-time grand strategy video game developed by Paradox Interactive and published by Levande Böcker. It is the sequel to Svea Rike and Svea Rike II, and had its own sequel, Two Thrones. The Svea Rike series is the predecessor to Europa Universalis.  The plot takes place from the year 1275[1] in Scandinavia during a period of political disturbance. All events that take place in the game, with the exception of player-initiated events, are based on reality.  Europa Universalis: Crown of the North is the English-language version of the game. It was released in North America together with a re-release of Europa Universalis II at version 1.07, with the addition of new scenarios.  The game received "mixed or average" reviews on Metacritic.[2]  SWE: Levande Böcker WW: PAN Vision NA: Strategy First SWE: 2000 WW: 2003"
Wei Ru;" Wei Ru may refer to:  Doris Lai Wei Ru, member of Taiwanese group, 7 Flowers Wei Ru (entertainer) Taiwanese television host, see Queen's (drama)"
Halow Bazar;" Halow Bazar (Persian: هالو بازار, also Romanized as Hālow Bāzār and Hālowbāzār)[1] is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 53, in 9 families.[2]  This Chabahar County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Almshouse (Cambridge, Massachusetts);" The Almshouse is an historic almshouse located at 45 Matignon Road in Cambridge, Massachusetts.  It is now the site of the International School of Boston's main campus.  It was built in 1850 and is a prominent example of institutional residential architecture in stone, resembling prisons of the era.  The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982, where it is incorrectly listed at 41 Orchard Street.[1]  The former Cambridge Almshouse is located in the northwestern corner of Cambridge, on the north side of Matignon Road between Matignon High School and the St. Sava Serbian Orthodox Church.  It is a large three-story stone structure with modest Greek Revival styling, set partly across the city line between Cambridge and Somerville.  It has a central octagonal administrative section from which four wings of varying sizes radiate.  It is built mostly out of slate blocks that were quarried from a ledge on site, with dressed dark granite corner quoining, and granite belt courses between the floors.  The rooflines are pierced by rows of gabled dormers.[2]  The building was built in 1850, designed by architect Gridley J.F. Bryant and prison reform expert Rev. Louis Dwight.  A similar design was used by Bryant for Boston's Charles Street Jail (built in 1848) and for the Deer Island Jail (1850).  The building was the fifth and final instance of an almshouse built by the city.  It was built on a farm purchased by the city in 1849 for the purpose of establishing a poor farm.  The property was sold to the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston in 1927, which operated a school and convent on the premises.[2] (The archdiocese continues to operate Matignon High School, but sold the adjacent church, now St. Sava, in 2006.)  National Register of Historic Places listings in Cambridge, Massachusetts National Register of Historic Places listings in Somerville, Massachusetts"
Swamp Thing (video game);" Swamp Thing is a platform video game for the NES and Game Boy. Based on the animated series of the same name, of the DC Comics superhero character Swamp Thing. It was published by THQ and released in December 1992.  A Swamp Thing title was also in development by Microsmiths for the Sega Mega Drive/Genesis but was canceled.[1] It would have been published by NuVision Entertainment.[2]  The NES version of Swamp Thing borrows the game engine from The Simpsons: Bart vs. the Space Mutants. Its introduction features the origin story of Swamp Thing and as depicted in the 1991 animated series. The player takes the role of the title character battling foes throughout the Louisiana swamps and other locations in a side-scrolling format. Swamp Thing's attack methods include punching and firing "sludge balls" which are acquired throughout the game. The player must venture through various stages, which include a graveyard, chemical factory, toxic dump, and finally, Arcane's lab. Bosses include Arcane's Un-Men, Dr. Deemo, Weedkiller, Skinman, and finally, Arcane himself.[3]  In Game Boy's Swamp Thing, stages include the Arctic, the desert, and contaminated rainforests. Swamp Thing also uses tools like camouflage and thorn skin, and he must recycle scattered garbage in order to score points and gain additional powers.[4]  Aside from marginal graphics, the NES Swamp Thing has received average to generally negative reviews for its high difficulty, poor music, and dull gameplay. While perhaps faring better than its NES counterpart, the Game Boy version of Swamp Thing was not met with high praise either, getting a 2.5/5 score from Nintendo Power.[8][9] "
Soesilarishius;"   Soesilarishius is a spider genus of the jumping spider family, Salticidae.[1]  The type species S. amrishi is only known from male specimens, which are 3.1 mm long, with a dark brown carapace.  The genus describer Dewanand Makhan publishes in the Australian journal Calodema, whose editor seems to have no quality standards whatsoever, while comparing scientists in general with Hitler and Stalin.[2] While Makhan's work on ants and beetles is substandard (describing existing species without knowledge of the fundamental literature),[3] Soesilarishius seems to have been accepted by the arachnologist community, with 23 species being accepted as of April 2017[update].[1]  The genus is named after the wife and a son of the describer, Soesila and Rishwan. The type species is named after another son, Amrish.[4]  As of April 2017[update], the World Spider Catalog accepted the following species:[1]    This article related to jumping spiders (Salticidae) is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Soesilarishius albipes Ruiz, 2011 – Brazil Soesilarishius amrishi Makhan, 2007 (type species) – Suriname, Brazil Soesilarishius aurifrons (Taczanowski, 1878) – Peru, French Guiana Soesilarishius bicrescens Ruiz, 2013 – Brazil Soesilarishius cearensis Ruiz, 2013 – Brazil Soesilarishius chaplini Ruiz, 2013 – Brazil Soesilarishius crispiventer Ruiz, 2011 – Brazil Soesilarishius cymbialis Ruiz, 2011 – Brazil Soesilarishius dromedarius Ruiz, 2011 – Brazil Soesilarishius elongatulus Ruiz & Sobrinho, 2016 – Brazil Soesilarishius excentricus Ruiz, 2013 – Brazil Soesilarishius flagellator Ruiz, 2013 – Brazil Soesilarishius laticlavus Ruiz & Sobrinho, 2016 – Brazil Soesilarishius lunatus Ruiz, 2011 – Brazil Soesilarishius macrochelis Ruiz, 2013 – Brazil Soesilarishius micaceus Zhang & Maddison, 2012 – Ecuador Soesilarishius minimus Ruiz, 2011 – Brazil Soesilarishius muiratinga Ruiz, 2013 – Brazil Soesilarishius paxiuba Ruiz, 2013 – Brazil Soesilarishius ruizi Zhang & Maddison, 2012 – Brazil, French Guiana Soesilarishius spinipes Ruiz, 2011 – Brazil Soesilarishius tabernarius Ruiz, 2013 – Brazil Soesilarishius trombetas Ruiz & Sobrinho, 2016 – Brazil Rishaschia Soesiladeepakius"
Parish of Botany;"   Botany Parish, Cumberland is one of the 57 parishes of Cumberland County, New South Wales, a cadastral unit for use on land titles.  It contains the area to the north of Botany Bay and to the east of part of Cooks River. It includes the suburbs of La Perouse, Hillsdale, Banksmeadow and Maroubra. It also includes Sydney Airport. It roughly corresponds to the "South-Eastern Suburbs" of Sydney, which are sometimes counted as part of the Eastern Suburbs together with the suburbs in the Parish of Alexandria to the north.    This article related to the geography of Sydney is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. "Botany Parish". Geographical Names Register (GNR) of NSW. Geographical Names Board of New South Wales.  v t e"
2021 Polaris Music Prize;" The 2021 edition of the Canadian Polaris Music Prize was presented on September 27, 2021. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Canada, the award was presented in a livestreamed virtual event hosted by Angeline Tetteh-Wayoe of CBC Music.[1]  The longlist was announced on June 16, 2021,[2] with the shortlist following on July 15, 2021.[3]  Nominees for the Slaight Family Polaris Heritage Prize, an award to honour classic Canadian albums released before the creation of the Polaris Prize, were announced after the main Polaris Prize ceremony. The winners were announced on October 26.[5]  ← 2020 Polaris Music Prize 2022 →  Cadence Weapon, Parallel World[4] Leanne Betasamosake Simpson, Theory of Ice DijahSB, Head Above the Waters Dominique Fils-Aimé, Three Little Words Mustafa, When Smoke Rises The OBGMs, The Ends Klô Pelgag, Notre-Dame-des-Sept-Douleurs TOBi, ELEMENTS Vol. 1 The Weather Station, Ignorance Zoon, Bleached Wavves Art Bergmann, Late Stage Empire Dementia Bernice, Eau de Bonjourno The Besnard Lakes, The Besnard Lakes Are the Last of the Great Thunderstorm Warnings Leanne Betasamosake Simpson, Theory of Ice Big Brave, Vital Cadence Weapon, Parallel World Charlotte Cardin, Phoenix CFCF, memoryland Clairmont the Second, IT’S NOT HOW IT SOUNDS Helena Deland,  Someone New DijahSB, Head Above the Waters Kathleen Edwards, Total Freedom Dominique Fils-Aimé, Three Little Words Fiver with the Atlantic School of Spontaneous Composition, Fiver with the Atlantic School of Spontaneous Composition Thanya Iyer, KIND Yves Jarvis, Sundry Rock Song Stock Rochelle Jordan, Play With the Changes LAL, Meteors Could Come Down Daniel Lanois, Heavy Sun Thierry Larose, Cantalou Russell Louder, Humor Elliot Maginot, Easy Morning Mustafa, When Smoke Rises Laura Niquay, Waska Matisiwin Nyssa, Girls Like Me The OBGMs, The Ends Dorothea Paas, Anything Can't Happen Justin Bieber, Justice Klô Pelgag, Notre-Dame-des-Sept-Douleurs Savannah Ré, Opia Allison Russell, Outside Child Julien Sagot, Sagot Sargeant X Comrade, Magic Radio Shabason, Krgovich and Harris, Philadelphia Yu Su, Yellow River Blue Julian Taylor, The Ridge TEKE::TEKE, Shirushi TOBi, ELEMENTS Vol. 1 Vagina Witchcraft, Vagina Witchcraft The Weather Station, Ignorance Zoon, Bleached Wavves  Jury: Faith Nolan, Africville  Public: Nomeansno, Wrong Lillian Allen, Revolutionary Tea Party k.d. lang, Ingénue Jean Leloup, Le Dôme Corb Lund, Five Dollar Bill Michie Mee and L.A. Luv, Jamaican Funk - Canadian Style Joni Mitchell, Court and Spark Jackie Mittoo, Wishbone Stars, Set Yourself on Fire Rufus Wainwright, Rufus Wainwright Weakerthans, Left and Leaving"
Taranto Cras Basket;" Taranto Cras Basket is an Italian women's basketball club from Taranto.[1] Cras is an acronym from Centro Ricreativo d'Attività Sportive.  Cras Taranto has won the Italian championship in 2003, 2009, 2010 and 2012. It reached the final of the 2009 Eurocup, lost to Galatasaray SK,[2] and it made its debut in the Euroleague the following year. Its best result to date was reaching the quarterfinals in 2011.[3]    This article about a basketball team in Italy is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Serie A 2003, 2009, 2010, 2012 2003, 2009, 2010, 2012 Coppa Italia 2003, 2012 2003, 2012 Suppercopa 2003, 2009, 2010 2003, 2009, 2010  Gintarė Petronytė (1.96)  Sara Giauro (1.90)  Nicole Antibe (1.87)  Megan Mahoney (1.85)  Abiola Wabara (1.83)  Valentina Siccardi (1.82)  Ilaria Zanoni (1.80)  Stella Panella (1.77)  Liron Cohen (1.73)  Giulia Gatti (1.68)"
Aparoopa;"   Aparoopa is a 1982 Indian Assamese language drama film directed by Jahnu Barua.[1][2] It is the first feature film of the director[1] and also the first Assamese film produced by National Film Development Corporation of India.[3]  It stars Biju Phukan, Suhasini Mulay, Sushil Goswami and Girish Karnad. The Hindi-language version is titled Apeksha.[2]  In the colonial upper class society of Assam, a young woman has to give up pursuit of her university education for an arranged marriage with a rich tea-planter. The plantation and its social routine become a prison of boredom for her since her husband completely neglects her for his business. She is outraged when she discovers that her marriage takes place in order to eliminate her father's huge debt. She considers herself as having been sold to her husband. Then one day an old classmate and ex-lover, now an army officer, visits them. Depressed, she is drawn to him as she seeks fulfillment.[1][2][3]    This article about an Assamese film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. 1982 (1982) Suhasini Mulay as Aparoopa Biju Phukan as Rana Sushma Seth as Rana's mother Gopi Desai as Radha Hiranya Deka as Ramu Indra Bania as Anil Girish Karnad as Mr. Khanna Best Feature Film in Assamese (1982) Jollywood Assamese"
Innamorata (album);" Innamorata is American rock singer Pat Benatar's tenth studio album, and her eleventh album overall, released in 1997. It charted a single week on the US Billboard album chart, at No. 171.[4]  All songs by Pat Benatar and Neil Giraldo, except as noted      This 1990s rock album–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. "Strawberry Wine (Life Is Sweet)"Released: 1997 "At This Time[1]"Released: 1997 (Promo) "Papa's Roses[2]"Released: 1997 (Promo) "Guitar Intro" – 0:23 "Only You" – 6:05 "River of Love" – 5:17 "I Don't Want to Be Your Friend" – 5:09 "Strawberry Wine" – 5:53 "Purgatory" – 4:54 "Papa's Roses" – 4:20 "At This Time" – 4:37 "Dirty Little Secrets" (Benatar, Giraldo, Bob Thiele Jr.) – 5:18 "Angry" – 4:09 "In These Times" – 6:49 "Innamorata" – 3:23 "Gina's Song" (Haley Giraldo) – 0:22  US CD promo, DJ 87213-2 "Life is Sweet" - 6:00 "I Don't Want to Be Your Friend (I Want to Be Your Lover)" - 5:33 "Cry for Love" (non-LP track) - 4:50  US CD promo, DJ 87213-2 "Life is Sweet" - 6:00 "I Don't Want to Be Your Friend (I Want to Be Your Lover)" - 5:33 "Cry for Love" (non-LP track) - 4:50  US CD single, 0607687223-2 "Strawberry Wine" - 4:31 "Angry" - 4:09 US CD promo, CMCDJ87218-2 "Strawberry Wine" (radio edit) - 4:18 "Strawberry Wine" (album version) - 5:55  US CD single, 0607687223-2 "Strawberry Wine" - 4:31 "Angry" - 4:09 US CD promo, CMCDJ87218-2 "Strawberry Wine" (radio edit) - 4:18 "Strawberry Wine" (album version) - 5:55  US CD promo, CMC DJ 87225-2 "At This Time" - 4:37  US CD promo, CMC DJ 87225-2 "At This Time" - 4:37  US CD promo, CMC DJ 872392 "Papa's Roses" (radio mix) - 4:19  US CD promo, CMC DJ 872392 "Papa's Roses" (radio mix) - 4:19 Pat Benatar – vocals, percussion, mixing Neil Giraldo – guitar, keyboards, percussion, producer, mixing Mick Mahan – bass Allison Cornell – violin, keyboards Ray Brinker – drums, percussion Doug Norwine – saxophone Susie Katayama – cello Scott Breadman – percussion T Lavitz – Hammond B3 Russ Fowler – engineer, mixing Charles Boulis, Steve MacMillan, Pat Thrasher, John Aguto, Jeff Thomas – engineers Joe Gastwirt – mastering"
Foreshore of the River Thames;"   The foreshore of the River Thames in London, England, is the area of the riverbed revealed at low tide, and includes sections known as Tower Beach, Bermondsey Beach, and Folly House Beach, in Canary Wharf.[1] These are tidal beaches that are covered by the water of the river at high tide.[2]  Many of these tidal beaches are potentially dangerous, as the rising tide can rapidly cut off visitors to the area, and the River Thames is an inhospitable environment for swimmers.[3] Mudlarking - scavenging items of value from the revealed riverbed - is an activity associated with these areas, for which the Port of London Authority requires a Thames foreshore permit.[3][4] The foreshore also has other dangers including the presence of sewage and other hazardous waste and risks from Weil's disease.[5]  Coordinates: 51°30′32″N 0°06′07″W﻿ / ﻿51.509°N 0.102°W﻿ / 51.509, -0.102    This London location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Posyolok Ilyicha;" Posyolok Ilyicha (Russian: Посёлок Ильича) is a rural locality (a settlement) in Zudilovsky Selsoviet, Pervomaysky District, Altai Krai, Russia. The population was 505 as of 2013.[2] There are 5 streets.  Posyolok Ilyicha is located 24 km north of Novoaltaysk (the district's administrative centre) by road.[3]  This Pervomaysky District, Altai Krai location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Lucha VaVoom;" Lucha VaVOOM is a lucha libre and Burlesque professional wrestling promotion based in Los Angeles, California. Founded in 2003.[1][2][3]  Lucha VaVOOM at Big Day Out, 2013          Lucha VaVOOM at Big Day Out, 2013                        Exótico"
Honda Transalp;" The Honda Transalp is the XL400V, XL600V, XL650V, XL700V, and XL750 series of dual-sport motorcycles manufactured in Japan by Honda since 1987.[1] With the exception of XL750, the Transalp bikes series feature a liquid-cooled, four-stroke 52° V-twin engine.  The first prototype was built in 1985 as an off-road motorbike with a 500 cc (31 cu in) engine. Further development introduced an increase to 600 cc (37 cu in) and more road-oriented features, notably an improved fairing.  The most usual models are:  Other versions exist, such as the 400 cc version (ND-06) aimed at the Japanese market.  The first version output 50 hp (37 kW) at 8,000 rpm, increased to 55 hp (41 kW) for the 1989 and 1990 version.[citation needed] Later models returned to the original 50 hp.  From 1991, the rear drum brake was replaced by a 240 mm (9.4 in) disc brake, with a single-piston brake caliper.  The appearance was altered in 1994: the original square lights were changed, and a new fairing was introduced.  In 1996, new 34 mm carburetors were introduced, and the CDI ignition system was replaced by a microprocessor-driven design.  The front brake was modified in 1997, introducing a second disc and reducing the diameter to 256 mm (10.1 in).  The weight of the Transalp increased over time, from 175 kg (386 lb) for the first models to 218 kg (481 lb) for the latest version.[5]  In 2000, the XL650V Transalp replaced the XL600V, introducing the engine from the Deauville and Honda Revere. The power output increased to 39 kW (52 hp) at 7,500 rpm, torque increased to 54 N⋅m (40 lbf⋅ft) at 5,500 rpm. A 4 mm bore diameter increase gave a 64 cc displacement increase. The shock absorbers were redesigned for road use, the exhaust system was updated, the fuel capacity increased by one litre, the control panel was redesigned, and weight diminished by 4 kg (8.8 lb).  In 2007, the XL700V Transalp was introduced, with a new 680 cc engine, which was also fitted to the NT700V Deauville, and compatible with Euro 3 emission standards. The front wheel diameter was reduced from 21 inches to 19 inches, the exhaust system was fitted with a catalytic converter, the lights were redesigned, and ABS was introduced.[6]  The 2008 model reinforces the road orientation of the Transalp, with larger tyres, lower saddle and more road-oriented shock absorbers. The 2008 XL700V engine is a liquid-cooled, eight-valve, four-stroke, single-overhead cam, 52° V-twin.[7] The 2023 XL750 Transalp engine is a 755 cc, Unicam 8-valve parallel twin that produced 67.5 kW (91 hp, 92 PS) and is shared with the CB750 Hornet.[8]  The XL600V from 1986 - available in the United States in 1989[2] The XL650V from 2000[3] The XL700V from 2008[4] The XL750 from 2023"
Neeta Puri;"   Neeta Puri is an Indian actress who works in Hindi films. She was born in Punjab, India. She made her film debut in 1985. Neeta Puri is married to Khursheed Latif, who is also a Hindi film director. Neeta Puri owns a western clothing and jewelry store named "Neeta Puri's Expressions".[3] She is the winner of Miss India contest of New York in 1983.[2] Neeta Puri now lives in Delaware Water Gap, Pennsylvania.  This article about an Indian film actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This biography article about a United States contestant in a beauty pageant is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Gunbar, New South Wales;"   Gunbar is in the Riverina district of south-western New South Wales in Australia,  on a wide bend of the Mid-Western Highway between Goolgowi and Hay.   It is part of the Carrathool Shire local government area, administered from Goolgowi. At the 2006 census, Gunbar had a population of 97 people.[1]  In its heyday Gunbar was a village which served as the hub of the surrounding pastoral properties and the community of selectors that had settled in the district from the 1870s onwards.  Nowadays the Gunbar community consists of those who live and work on district farming properties.   The Presbyterian church, still used for worship, stands on an elevated position overlooking the original village-site, where the corrugated-iron Community Hall is the only other major building that remains.  Scattered peppercorn trees give further evidence of the village that once stood there.   Gunbar cemetery is located just over a mile away, nearby to the site of the old government-surveyed township (NNE of the original village).  The land later known as 'Gunbar' station was first occupied by Europeans during the expansion by squatters along the Lachlan River in 1839 and the early 1840s.   By the early 1870s 'Gunbar' and other surrounding runs were held by the partnership of G. Kirk, John Bramwell and Albert Synnot.   The name 'Gunbar' is said to be an Aboriginal word meaning 'no meat'.[2] In 1875, after Albert Synnot's death, the "Gunbar" lease was transferred to G. Kirk and D.B. Reid.   In 1876 'Gunbar' station was held by W. Cumming & Co., with John Armstrong as manager.   "Gunbar" comprised an area of at least 380,000 acres (1,500 km2) during this period.   In 1881 the Armstrong brothers - William, Thomas, Robert, and John - purchased the leasehold of 'Gunbar' for £300,000, and John Armstrong continued as the managing partner.   Stock returns for 1888 record the area of 'Gunbar' station as 280,000 acres (1,100 km2), reflecting the inroads made by selectors since the mid-1870s as the district became more closely settled and the village of Gunbar was established.   After John Armstrong's death in 1899 his eldest son, William, managed the station until it was sold in June 1918 to T.A. Creswick.  William Spry and his brother George were successful carriers based in the Hay district in the 1860s.   William Spry married Florence Donnelly in 1870 at Bendigo, at about that time Spry built a slab hotel at the future site of Gunbar village, a locality south of 'Gunbar' station where carriers often camped.   By September 1871 Spry had applied for a licence for his public-house, the Gunbar Hotel.   Florence Spry ran the hotel while her husband continued to work his bullock-teams in the district.   The original structure was burnt down but William Spry replaced it with a weatherboard-clad structure.   By November 1873 the licence of the Gunbar Hotel was held by John Donohue.   In the first half of the following year the licence was transferred from Donohue to Charles Simpson, and soon afterwards to Ebenezer Wood.   By October 1875 the publican was Henry Major.   William Spry had selected land east of Gunbar which he called 'Paradise Farm' and continued to work as a carrier in the district.   In 1879 the Gunbar Hotel licence was transferred from Henry Major to James McPherson.[3]  A Post Office opened at Gunbar on 1 July 1879 (it closed in 1979),[4] with James McPherson as postmaster.   By the early 1880s Gunbar village consisted of the Gunbar Hotel run by Archibald McPherson, a blacksmith's shop, a wheelwright's shop, a Chinese market garden and a mail change (a dwelling and stables where the coach horses were changed).   Robertson and Wagner (part of the Cobb & Co. network) ran mail and passenger services to Hillston from both Hay and Carrathool with the routes converging at Gunbar.   Protestant religious services began to be held from January 1881 in the dining-room of the Gunbar Hotel, conducted by the Presbyterian minister from Hay, Rev. Samuel A. Hamilton.[3][5]  In July 1883 the Department of Lands set aside land for a “future village at Gunbar”.[6] In early 1884 the township of Gunbar was surveyed by the Government Surveyor.   However, the proposed township was located just over a mile NNE of the original village that had developed around Spry's hotel.   A church was the first building erected at the surveyed township (opened in July 1884), with money raised locally by subscription.   Though nominally Presbyterian, services by Anglican and Methodist ministers were occasionally also held at the church (which was removed in 1914 to a location near the original village.)   Some town lots at the surveyed site were purchased and a few buildings erected there, but there was little enthusiasm for the location.   Often referred to as North Gunbar, the location lacked shade and fresh well-water.   John G. Bunn, appointed postmaster after James McPherson resigned in 1885, built a Post Office and store near the church.   (The Post Office remained at North Gunbar until Bunn's death in 1899, when it reverted to the original village.)   William Gannon erected a hotel at North Gunbar in about 1886, but failed to obtain a publican's licence.   Undeterred, Gannon and his large family operated the establishment, known as "Gannon's Hotel", as a sly-grog shop and boarding-house.[3]  A public school was established at Gunbar in 1883 with 19 pupils enrolled in the first year.[7] In February 1884 Edward Mensforth took over as publican of the Gunbar Hotel.   In 1884 the firm of Meakes & Fay, merchants at Hay, established a large store at Gunbar (South), dealing in general goods and produce.   The store was managed by William J. Simpson and Harrison S. Pollard.   In 1889 William Simpson and Harrison Pollard purchased the business of the store and continued to trade as Simpson and Pollard.   Their "commodious" produce store became a regular venue for local dances and other social functions.   In 1888 William Simpson married Catherine Robertson, the daughter of a local selector.   Harrison Pollard married Laura Hillman in 1892 (the daughter of another local selector) and the couple settled on a selection called "Honuna".   Simpson bought out his partner and became sole owner of the store.   Catherine Simpson died in 1888, after the birth of her first child. In 1893 William Simpson married Catherine's sister Rachel.   William and Rachel Simpson continued to run the store at Gunbar.   The Post Office was located there from 1899 after John Bunn's death.   In early May 1903 W. J. Simpson's store (including the local post office) was destroyed by fire and soon afterwards William Simpson and his family relocated to Hay.[8]  The devastation wrought by the Federation Drought, which began in the late 1890s and ended in 1903, began a period of decline and de-population of Gunbar village and farmers in the surrounding district.  Many of the residents of Gunbar and district re-located to the nearby towns of Hillston, Hay and Griffith in the early decades of the twentieth century.  In January 1922 a wind-storm “which assumed cyclonic strength” passed through Gunbar township causing “considerable damage”.   The “principal damage” was to the Public Hall, a weatherboard structure (of about 15 x 9 metres), “which was blown over and considerably broken”.  The roof of the hotel “was blown off”, trees were “blown down and uprooted” and outhouses and sheds “suffered greatly”.[10]  A replacement hall had been constructed at Gunbar by October 1922.[11]  The Gunbar Hotel ("a link between the past and the present") was destroyed by fire in December 1926.[12]  The site of the original village continued as a focus for activities and social events for residents of the surrounding district.  During the period January 1881 to June 1884 Protestant services were conducted in the Gunbar Hotel by the Presbyterian minister, Samuel A. Hamilton (based at Hay), for which service the congregation subscribed £50 per annum.   A church was constructed and opened in July 1884 at the site of the surveyed village (north of the original settlement) where it stood until 1914, when it was taken down in sections by a contractor from Hay and re-located to an elevated location near Gunbar village.   The Presbyterian church was re-opened at its new location in June 1914.[13]  In 1922 the "severe gale" that destroyed the village hall, also caused damaged to the local church.   The church “was found to have suffered severely from the storm” and despite temporary repairs during the following decade it was realised “that the task of reconditioning the building would be a heavy one”.  In 1933 the local congregation determined to mark the 50th anniversary of the opening of the church by erecting a replacement building as “a fitting memorial to the pioneers, who, though previously members of diverse denominations, made common cause to erect a church where all might join in the worship of God”.    In December 1933 the tender of Messrs. Shannon Bros. was accepted for erection of the new church.  The Pioneer Memorial Church was opened in July 1934.  The building, in the Gothic-style, is constructed of "cement bricks", and includes four memorial windows "dedicated to the memory of Gunbar pioneers".  All buildings at the site, as well as fence posts, were constructed of cement to deter white ants.  The cost of the structure and fittings was about £1,120 and "the Church was opened free of debt".[5]  Gunbar cemetery is the burial-place of Mrs. Barbara Blain, the woman whose accidental death in March 1886 possibly gave rise to the Australian expression ‘black stump’, the name for a sort of nebulous location beyond which the country is considered remote (as in "beyond the black stump" or "this side of the black stump").   Mrs. Blain's husband was a carrier or teamster, based at Hay.   Carriers were an integral part of the Riverina economy during the 19th century, they transported wool and supplies by drays drawn by horse- or bullock-teams, travelling across the landscape servicing stations and settlements distant from the main transport hubs of the region.  James Blain and Barbara Maude had married in 1876 in New Zealand.   The couple had no children, Mrs. Blain (at least occasionally) accompanied and assisted her husband in his work.   On 10 March 1886 James and Barbara Blain were camped at a pine ridge on "Gunbar" station, in company with other carriers.   James and the other men left the camp-site to load posts onto their drays, while Barbara began preparations for the evening meal.   On their return the men found that Mrs. Blain had been fatally burnt, probably after her dress had caught alight from the flames of the camp-fire.   She was buried at nearby Gunbar cemetery on 13 March.   An inquest into Mrs. Blain's death was held at Hay on 20 March 1886.   The expression ‘black stump’ is said to have arisen from part of James Blain's description of what had happened (possibly as part of his evidence at the inquest), Blain apparently stated that when he found his wife she "looked like a black stump".   A watering place near to where the tragedy occurred – roughly halfway between Gunbar and the village of Merriwagga – became known as Black Stump Tank.[14]  William Jackson was an Australian recipient of the Victoria Cross (VC).   He is the youngest Australian to have been awarded a Victoria Cross.  William Jackson was born and raised in the Gunbar district.   William's father, John Jackson, had been born in Paddington, Sydney, and was working as a farm labourer at Gunbar when he met Adelaide McFarlane, the daughter of John and Elizabeth McFarlane.   They married in 1890 at "Seaton Farm", the home of Adelaide's parents.   On 15 November 1905, William's mother Adelaide Jackson died, leaving the surviving children – Elizabeth, Catherine, May, William, Albert and Leslie – in the care of their grandparents.   William's father at this time worked on "Gunbar" station.   William and his siblings attended the Gunbar School and William later found employment on district properties.  On 15 February 1915 William Jackson enlisted in the Australian Imperial Forces in the first group of volunteers from Gunbar.   In order to do so, with his father's approval, Jackson had raised his age by one year.  William Jackson was awarded the Victoria Cross in 1916 for selfless courage under heavy fire while rescuing his comrades near Armentières in France during World War I.[15]   34 km (21 mi) from Googowi   79 km (49 mi) from Hay  Hay Historical Society homepage"
George Fisher (settler);" Đorđe Šagić (Serbian Cyrillic: Ђорђе Шагић, April 30, 1795 – June 11, 1873), also known as George (Jorge) Fisher, was a customs officer and  early leader of the Texas Revolution.  Fisher was originally named Đorđe Šagić,[1] and also known as Đorđe Ribar (Serbian Cyrillic: Ђорђе Рибар), which translated into English as George Fisher.[2] He was born to Serbian parents in Székesfehérvár, Hungary in April 1795.[2] Following his father's death Đorđe was sent to the Serbian Orthodox Church seminary in Sremski Karlovci, to train as a priest.[2] He left in 1813 to join the Serbian revolutionary forces during the First Serbian Uprising.1 He traveled to Philadelphia in the United States in 1814 before heading to Mexico.[3] In 1825, Fisher helped found the first York Rite Masonic Lodge in Mexico.[4] He became a naturalized Mexican citizen in 1829 and contracted to settle five hundred families on lands in Texas formerly held by Haden Edwards.[5]  Fisher later was in charge of a customs house at the far north end of Galveston Bay. Fisher demanded that all ships landing at the mouth of the Brazos River pay their customs duties to him at Anahuac.[6] This was a great hardship to area boat captains due to the great distances between that port and other Texas seaports. Fisher was forced to resign his post in early 1832 after a military confrontation with Texian settlers.[7]  Later that year, Fisher began publishing the liberal newspaper Mercurio del Puerto de Matamoros in Matamoros.[2] On October 13, 1835, Fisher and José Antonio Mexía organized a movement in New Orleans to attack Tampico and instigate a revolt among the eastern states of Mexico.  In 1837, he became a commission agent in Houston, in the Republic of Texas, and served as justice of the peace in 1839.[2] Fisher was admitted to the bar in 1840 and was elected to the Houston city council. In 1843 he became a major in the Texas militia.[2]  He traveled to Panama in 1850 and on to California in 1851. In 1853 while he was still Secretary for the California Land Commission, he may have gone to Washington. For there was printed in two and later three volumes "Portraits and Memoirs of Eminent Americans", in which a biographical sketch of Fisher appears as the sole entry from the state of California. It was written by the editor John Livingston, a New York lawyer.  Fisher's story aroused interest also in Europe as evidenced by many articles published in several European countries. The well-known Munich magazine of the epoch Das Ausland, of July, 1843, using material out of John Lloyd Stephens book which had appeared in London at the beginning of 1843 published several articles in sequence on this "adventurous Serb."  Fisher continued to serve in various civic and administrative posts in San Francisco from 1860 to 1870 until retirement. Soon after retiring, he was appointed by the King of Greece as Consul for that nation.[8]  Fisher was married four times. He died in San Francisco on June 11, 1873.[2]  List of Serbian Revolutionaries"
Blashenwell Farm Pit;"  Blashenwell Farm Pit (grid reference SY952805) is an 11.4 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Dorset, United Kingdom, notified in 1954. It is of scientific interest because the tufa at the site provides a detailed record of molluscan biostratigraphy and environmental history during the early- and mid-Flandrian interglacial.  Coordinates: 50°37′27″N 2°04′09″W﻿ / ﻿50.62418°N 2.06922°W﻿ / 50.62418, -2.06922    This article about a Site of Special Scientific Interest in England is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This Dorset location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. English Nature citation sheet for the site (accessed 31 August 2006) English Nature website (SSSI information) v t e Abbotsbury Blind Lane Abbotsbury Castle Alder Hills Nature Reserve Aunt Mary's Bottom River Axe Babylon Hill Batcombe Down Belle Vue Quarry Bere Stream Black Hill Down Black Hill Heath Blashenwell Farm Pit Blandford Camp Blue Pool Boulsbury Wood Bradford Abbas Railway Cutting Brenscombe Heath Bryanston Canford Heath Chalbury Hill And Quarry Chesil Beach Christchurch Harbour Conegar Road Cutting Corfe & Barrow Hills Corton Cutting Creech Grange Crookhill Brick Pit Cull-Peppers Dish Ebblake Bog Frogden Quarry River Frome, Dorset Giant Hill, Cerne Abbas Goathill Quarry Holnest Lambert's Castle Lions Hill Lodmoor Oakers Bog Pitcombe Down Poole Bay Cliffs Poole Harbour Portland Poxwell Radipole Lake St Catherine's Hill Studland and Godlingston Heath Shillingstone Quarry Turbary Park Worgret Heath v t e v t e"
52nd Massachusetts Infantry Regiment;" The 52nd Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry was a regiment of infantry that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War. It was one of the 18 Massachusetts regiments formed in response to President Abraham Lincoln's August 1862 call for 300,000 men to serve for nine months. The regiment was recruited in Franklin and Hampshire Counties and rendezvoused for mustering in at Camp Miller in Greenfield, Massachusetts. The 52nd Massachusetts was assigned to the Department of the Gulf under Major General Nathaniel P. Banks and shipped for Louisiana. The regiment participated in the Bayou Teche campaign in western Louisiana during April and May 1863 and then saw combat during the Siege of Port Hudson.  Companies began assembling at Camp Miller in Greenfield during the last week of September 1862. The final companies were mustered in to federal service on October 11. Halbert S. Greenleaf, a lock manufacturer from Shelburne, Massachusetts was appointed as colonel and commanding officer. The regiment departed for Louisiana by way of New York City on November 20.[1]  Reaching New York, the 52nd Massachusetts marched to Camp Banks on Long Island which served as a rendezvous for the various regiments assigned to reinforce Gen. Banks's Department of the Gulf in preparation for an expedition against Port Hudson, Louisiana. Unlike other regiments of the expedition force, the 52nd Massachusetts did not have to wait long for a transport. They embarked on the steamship Illinois on December 2nd. The regiment reached Baton Rouge, Louisiana on December 17. For the next three months, the unit remained in Baton Rouge (with the exception of four companies briefly detailed on the Placquemines expedition), conducting guard duty and drilling while additional regiments from the North arrived. [1]  On January 3, 1863, four of the ten companies of the 52nd Massachusetts were ordered to prepare immediately for combat and to travel roughly 20 miles downriver to Plaquemine, Louisiana where Confederates were threatening the Union supply lines. The companies expected to see their first battle but when they arrived, the affair was over and the Confederates had retreated. These four companies remained in Plaquemine for a month conducting picket duty until they were relieved and ordered back to Baton Rouge. The men remembered the duty there as disagreeable due to strong secessionist sentiments in the town, a scarcity of military rations which led to liberal foraging and looting of the surrounding plantations on the part of the troops, and the muddy condition of the roads.[2]  The Union Navy and Army executed a joint operation on March 13 and 14. Admiral David G. Farragut intended to run a fleet up the Mississippi River past the extensive gun emplacements at Port Hudson in order to blockade the Red River. The army's role in this operation was to conduct a [feint] towards Port Hudson, or a reconnaissance-in-force, that would provided a diversion and increase the Navy's chances of success. The 52nd Massachusetts departed Baton Rouge with their brigade on March 12. The next day, they advanced to within a few hundred yards of the Confederate batteries at Port Hudson, moving through deep swamps to probe the enemy's position. They did not engage. Nonetheless, the movement through extremely difficult conditions which put them far in advance of other Union troops earned them commendations from their brigade and division commanders.[3] The battle between the Confederate batteries and Farragut's fleet was remembered as particularly stunning. From their position south of Port Hudson, the Union infantry could not see the ships but could see the tremendous fireballs as several of them exploded.[4] Only two vessels of Farragut's fleet passed Port Hudson. Following this reconnaissance, the 52nd Massachusetts returned to Baton Rouge on March 20.[5]  In preparation for an assault on Port Hudson, Gen. Banks intended to remove the threat posed by Confederate forces in western Louisiana and also to claim forage and supplies in the region. In early April, Banks advanced elements of the XIX Corps into the Bayou Teche region. The 52nd Massachusetts conducted long marches for several days from Baton Rouge to Brashear City (now Morgan City, Louisiana) and by a combination of marching, rail and boat travel, reached Indian Bend just north of Franklin on April 13.[3] Their brigade was part of a flanking force intended to cut off the Confederate retreat during the Battle of Fort Bisland. They were engaged in skirmishing on April 13. They were not engaged in the next day's fighting during the Battle of Irish Bend.   After the Confederates abandoned their position at Fort Bisland and retreated northward, the 52nd Massachusetts was one of the units that marched in pursuit, reaching New Iberia, Louisiana in two days. Four companies of the regiment remained in New Iberia on provost duty while six went on with other regiments to Opelousas, Louisiana and from there to Barre's Landing.[6] The advancing Union brigades did not catch up to Major General Richard Taylor's retreating forces.  At Barre's Landing, Union forces found considerable provisions and supplies abandoned by the Confederates including many horses and large quantities of cotton, molasses, and sugar. There were also in this location about four thousand African-American refugees, most of them women and children.[3] The six companies remained in this location for nearly a month until May 21 conducting guard duty, loading and unloading steamships, and caring for the refugees. The four detached companies rejoined them on May 19 and the full regiment marched south from Barre's Landing on May 21 escorting a large wagon train of supplies and a large number of refugees.[6] For the next six days, the regiment marched an average of 18 miles a day and considerably more on the 25th when they doubled back due to false reports of a Confederate advance. On that day, the regiment marched all night--a total of 40 miles--and finally reached Brashear City on May 26.[6]  The 52nd Massachusetts did not take part in the first assault on Port Hudson on May 27 due to their assignments in the Bayou Teche region. The regiment left Brashear City for Port Hudson on May 26, arriving on May 30.[3] During the second assault on June 14, the 52nd Massachusetts advanced with their brigade over the extremely rough terrain in front of the Confederate ramparts at Port Hudson. Ditches, many felled trees, large stumps and steep ground made an advance under heavy fire virtually impossible. Their brigade halted at a distance from the fortification, taking cover in a small ravine. From here, the 52nd Massachusetts was deployed as skirmishers, covering about a quarter-mile front, to protect the right flank of the advancing column of brigades. They were ordered to remain in this exposed location even after the main assault failed in order to screen the withdrawing troops. Eventually they retired having lost one man killed and seven wounded.[3][7]  The 52nd Massachusetts remained on picket duty in an advanced location under the fortifications within rifle shot range of the Confederates on the ramparts. They remained on this duty for roughly three weeks until the Confederate at Port Hudson surrendered on July 9. During their time in this dangerous position, the regiment suffered casualties of nine men killed, twelve wounded, and two captured.[7][3]  The regiment remained on duty at Port Hudson until July 23 when they were ordered to board a steamship and traveled up the Mississippi River. In making this voyage, they had the honor to be the first Union regiment to travel up the river recently opened by the surrenders of Vicksburg, Mississippi and Port Hudson.[7] They reached Greenfield, Massachusetts by rail on August 3 and were mustered out of service on August 14. The regiment lost 11 men killed in action or mortally wounded and 101 by disease.[5]  American Civil War portal Massachusetts in the Civil War List of Massachusetts Civil War units"
Air Corsica;" Compagnie Aérienne Corse Méditerranée S.A.E.M. (Corsican: Cumpagnia Aerea Corsa Mediterrania), trading as Air Corsica (formerly CCM Airlines), is the flag carrier of the French insular region of Corsica, with its head office on the grounds of Ajaccio Napoleon Bonaparte Airport in Ajaccio, Corsica.[1] It operates passenger services from Corsica to continental France. Its main base is Ajaccio Napoleon Bonaparte Airport, with hubs at Figari–Sud Corse Airport, Bastia – Poretta Airport and Calvi – Sainte-Catherine Airport.[2][3]  Air Corsica operates certain flights as a franchise for Air France and ITA Airways.[4] Air Corsica outsources its passenger service system, which manages reservations, inventory and pricing to Amadeus using the Altéa system.  Air Corsica has codeshare agreements with the following airlines:[8]  As of February 2021[update], Air Corsica fleet consists of the following aircraft:[10]  The airline previously operated the following aircraft (as of August 2018):[13]  This French corporation or company article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This article relating to a European airline is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Air France Air France Hop ITA Airways[9] 1 further ATR 72-500"
V-ATPase;" Vacuolar-type ATPase (V-ATPase) is a highly conserved evolutionarily ancient enzyme with remarkably diverse functions in eukaryotic organisms.[1] V-ATPases acidify a wide array of intracellular organelles and pumps protons across the plasma membranes of numerous cell types. V-ATPases couple the energy of ATP hydrolysis to proton transport across intracellular and plasma membranes of eukaryotic cells. It is generally seen as the polar opposite of ATP synthase because ATP synthase is a proton channel that uses the energy from a proton gradient to produce ATP. V-ATPase however, is a proton pump that uses the energy from ATP hydrolysis to produce a proton gradient.  The Archaea-type ATPase (A-ATPase) is a related group of ATPases found in archaea that often work as an ATP synthase. It forms a clade V/A-ATPase with V-ATPase. Most members of either group shuttle protons (H+), but a few members have evolved to use sodium ions (Na+) instead.  V-ATPases are found within the membranes of many organelles, such as endosomes, lysosomes, and secretory vesicles, where they play a variety of roles crucial for the function of these organelles. For example, the proton gradient across the yeast vacuolar membrane generated by V-ATPases drives calcium uptake into the vacuole through an H+/Ca2+ antiporter system.[2] In synaptic transmission in neuronal cells, V-ATPase acidifies synaptic vesicles.[3] Norepinephrine enters vesicles by V-ATPase[citation needed].  V-ATPases are also found in the plasma membranes of a wide variety of cells such as intercalated cells of the kidney, osteoclasts (bone resorbing cells), macrophages, neutrophils, sperm, midgut cells of insects, and certain tumor cells.[4] Plasma membrane V-ATPases are involved in processes such as pH homeostasis, coupled transport, and tumor metastasis. V-ATPases in the acrosomal membrane of sperm acidify the acrosome. This acidification activates proteases required to drill through the plasma membrane of the egg. V-ATPases in the osteoclast plasma membrane pump protons onto the bone surface, which is necessary for bone resorption. In the intercalated cells of the kidney, V-ATPases pump protons into the urine, allowing for bicarbonate reabsorption into the blood. In addition, other variety of biological processes, such as toxin delivery, viral entry, membrane targeting, apoptosis, regulation of cytoplasmic pH, proteolytic process, and acidification of intracellular systems, are important roles of V-ATPases.[5]  V-ATPases also play a significant role in cell morphogenesis development. Disruption of the gene vma-1 gene which encodes for the catalytic subunit (A) of the enzyme severely impairs the rate of growth, differentiation, and the capacity to produce viable spores in fungus Neurospora crassa. [6]  The yeast V-ATPase is the best characterized. There are at least thirteen subunits identified to form a functional V-ATPase complex, which consists of two domains. The subunits belong to either the Vo domain (membrane associated subunits, lowercase letters on the figure) or the V1 domain (peripherally associated subunits, uppercase letters on the figure).  The V1 includes eight subunits, A-H, with three copies of the catalytic A and B subunits, three copies of the stator subunits E and G, and one copy of the regulatory C and H subunits. In addition, the V1 domain also contains the subunits D and F, which form a central rotor axle.[7] The V1 domain contains tissue-specific subunit isoforms including B, C, E, and G. Mutations to the B1 isoform result in the human disease distal renal tubular acidosis and sensorineural deafness.  The Vo domain contains six different subunits, a, d, c, c', c", and e, with the stoichiometry of the c ring still a matter of debate with a decamer being postulated for the tobacco hornworm (Manduca sexta) V-ATPase. The mammalian Vo domain contains tissue-specific isoforms for subunits a and d, while yeast V-ATPase contains two organelle-specific subunit isoforms of a, Vph1p, and Stv1p. Mutations to the a3 isoform result in the human disease infantile malignant osteopetrosis, and mutations to the a4 isoform result in distal renal tubular acidosis, in some cases with sensorineural deafness.  The V1 domain is responsible for ATP hydrolysis, whereas the Vo domain is responsible for proton translocation. ATP hydrolysis at the catalytic nucleotide binding sites on subunit A drives rotation of a central stalk composed of subunits D and F, which in turn drives rotation of a barrel of c subunits relative to the a subunit. The complex structure of the V-ATPase has been revealed through the structure of the M. Sexta and Yeast complexes that were solved by single-particle cryo-EM and negative staining, respectively.[8][9][10] These structures have revealed that the V-ATPase has a 3-stator network, linked by a collar of density formed by the C, H, and a subunits, which, while dividing the V1 and Vo domains, make no interactions with the central rotor axle formed by the F, D, and d subunits. Rotation of this central rotor axle caused by the hydrolysis of ATP within the catalytic AB domains results in the movement of the barrel of c subunits past the a subunit, which drives proton transport across the membrane. A stoichiometry of two protons translocated for each ATP hydrolyzed has been proposed by Johnson.[11]  In addition to the structural subunits of yeast V-ATPase, associated proteins that are necessary for assembly have been identified. These associated proteins are essential for Vo domain assembly and are termed Vma12p, Vma21p, and Vma22p.[12][13][14][15] Two of the three proteins, Vma12p and Vma22p, form a complex that binds transiently to Vph1p (subunit a) to aid its assembly and maturation.[14][16][17][18] Vma21p coordinates assembly of the Vo subunits as well as escorting the Vo domain into vesicles for transport to the Golgi.[19]  The V1 domain of the V-ATPase is the site of ATP hydrolysis.  Unlike Vo, the V1 domain is hydrophilic.[5] This soluble domain consists of a hexamer of alternating A and B subunits, a central rotor D, peripheral stators G and E, and regulatory subunits C and H.  Hydrolysis of ATP drives a conformational change in the six A|B interfaces and with it rotation of the central rotor D.  Unlike with the ATP synthase, the V1 domain is not an active ATPase when dissociated.  V-ATPase (Vacuolar-ATPase) C represents the C terminal subunit that is part of the V1 complex, and is localised to the interface between the V1 and Vo complexes.[21]  The C subunit plays an essential role in controlling the assembly of V-ATPase, acting as a flexible stator that holds together the catalytic (V1) and membrane (VO) sectors of the enzyme .[22] The release of subunit C from the ATPase complex results in the dissociation of the V1 and Vo subcomplexes, which is an important mechanism in controlling V-ATPase activity in cells. Essentially, by creating a high electrochemical gradient and low pH, this powers the enzyme to create more ATP.  These related subunits make up the stalk(s) of A/V-ATPase. They are important in assembly, and may function as pushrods in activity. E has a cap to connect to A/B, while G does not.[20] They likely evolved from a single protein by gene duplication.[23]  Subunit H, is only involved in activity and not in assembly. This subunit also acts as an inhibitor of free V1 subunits, it stops ATP hydrolysis when V1 and Vo are dissociated.[24]  The Vo domain is responsible for proton translocation.  Unlike the F-type ATP synthase, the Vo domain generally transports protons against their own concentration gradient.  Rotation of the Vo domain transports the protons in movement coordinated with the V1 domain, which is responsible for ATP hydrolysis. The Vo domain is hydrophobic and composed of several dissociable subunits.[5] These subunits are present in the Vo domain to make this a functional proton translocase, they are described below.  The 116kDa subunit (or subunit a) and subunit I are found in the Vo or Ao complex of V- or A-ATPases, respectively. The 116kDa subunit is a transmembrane glycoprotein required for the assembly and proton transport activity of the ATPase complex. Several isoforms of the 116kDa subunit exist, providing a potential role in the differential targeting and regulation of the V-ATPase for specific organelles.  The function of the 116-kDa subunit is not defined, but its predicted structure consists of 6–8 transmembranous sectors, suggesting that it may function similar to subunit a of FO.  Subunit d in V-ATPases, called subunit C in A-ATPases, is a part of the Vo complex. They fit onto the middle of the c ring, so are thought to function as a rotor. There are two versions of this subunit in eukaryotes, d/d1 and d2.[25]  In mammals, d1 (ATP6V0D1) is the ubiquitously expressed version and d2 (ATP6V0D2) is expressed in specific cell types only.[25]  Similar to the F-type ATP synthase, the transmembrane region of the V-ATPase includes a ring of membrane-spanning subunits that are primarily responsible for proton translocation.  Dissimilar from the F-type ATP synthase, however, the V-ATPase has multiple related subunits in the c-ring, in fungi such as yeast there are three related subunits (of varied stoichiometry) and in most other eukaryotes there are two.  Yeast V-ATPases fail to assemble when any of the genes that encode subunits are deleted except for subunits H and c".[26][27][28] Without subunit H, the assembled V-ATPase is not active,[13][29] and the loss of the c" subunit results in uncoupling of enzymatic activity.[27]  The precise mechanisms by which V-ATPases assembly are still controversial, with evidence suggesting two different possibilities. Mutational analysis and in vitro assays have shown that preassembled Vo and V1 domains can combine to form one complex in a process called independent assembly. Support for independent assembly includes the findings that the assembled Vo domain can be found at the vacuole in the absence of the V1 domain, whereas free V1 domains can be found in the cytoplasm and not at the vacuole.[30][31] In contrast, in vivo pulse-chase experiments have revealed early interactions between Vo and V1 subunits, to be specific, the a and B subunits, suggesting that subunits are added in a step-wise fashion to form a single complex in a concerted assembly process.[32]  A relatively new technique called ancestral gene resurrection has shed new light on the evolutionary history of the V-ATPase. It has been shown how the V-ATPase structure of the ancestral form consisting of two different proteins evolves into the fungi version with three different proteins.[33][34][35] The V-Type ATPase is similar to the archaeal (so called) A-Type ATP synthase, a fact that supports an archaeal origin of eukaryotes (like Eocyte Hypothesis, see also Lokiarchaeota). The exceptional occurrence of some lineages of archaea with F-type and of some lineages of bacteria with A-type ATPase respectively is regarded as a result of horizontal gene transfer.[36]  V-ATPases are known to be specifically inhibited by macrolide antibiotics, such as concanamycin (CCA) and balifomycin A1.[37] In vivo regulation of V-ATPase activity is accomplished by reversible dissociation of the V1 domain from the Vo domain. After initial assembly, both the insect Manduca sexta and yeast V-ATPases can reversibly disassemble into free Vo and V1 domains after a 2- to 5-minute deprivation of glucose.[30] Reversible disassembly may be a general mechanism of regulating V-ATPase activity, since it exists in yeast and insects. Reassembly is proposed to be aided by a complex termed RAVE (regulator of H+-ATPase of vacuolar and endosomal membranes).[38] Disassembly and reassembly of V-ATPases does not require new protein synthesis but does need an intact microtubular network.[39]  Osteopetrosis is generic name that represents a group of heritable conditions in which there is a defect in osteoclastic bone resorption. Both dominant and recessive osteopetrosis occur in humans.[40][41] Autosomal dominant osteopetrosis shows mild symptoms in adults experiencing frequent bone fractures due to brittle bones.[40] A more severe form of osteopetrosis is termed autosomal recessive infantile malignant osteopetrosis.[41][42][43] Three genes that are responsible for recessive osteopetrosis in humans have been identified. They are all directly involved in the proton generation and secretion pathways that are essential for bone resorption. One gene is carbonic anhydrase II (CAII), which, when mutated, causes osteopetrosis with renal tubular acidosis(type 3).[44] Mutations to the chloride channel ClC7 gene also lead to both dominant and recessive osteopetrosis.[40] Approximately 50% of patients with recessive infantile malignant osteopetrosis have mutations to the a3 subunit isoform of V-ATPase.[42] [45][46] In humans, 26 mutations have been identified in V-ATPase subunit isoform a3, found in osteoclasts, that result in the bone disease autosomal recessive osteopetrosis.[42][41][45][47]  The importance of V-ATPase activity in renal proton secretion is highlighted by the inherited disease distal renal tubular acidosis. In all cases, renal tubular acidosis results from a failure of the normal renal mechanisms that regulate systemic pH. There are four types of renal tubular acidosis. Type 1 is distal renal tubular acidosis and results from a failure of the cortical collecting duct to acidify the urine below pH 5.[48] Some patients with autosomal recessive dRTA also have sensorineural hearing loss.[49] Inheritance of this type of RTA results from either mutations to V-ATPase subunit isoform B1 or isoform a4 or mutations of band 3 (also called AE1), a Cl-/HCO3- exchanger.[49][50][51] Twelve different mutations to V-ATPase isoform B1[52] and twenty-four different mutations in a4 lead to dRTA.[52][49] Reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction studies have shown expression of the a4 subunit in the intercalated cell of the kidney and in the cochlea.[52] dRTA caused by mutations in the a4 subunit gene in some cases can be associated with deafness due to a failure to normally acidify the endolymph of the inner ear.[51]  X-linked myopathy with excessive autophagy is a rare genetic disease resulting from mutations in the VMA21 gene.[53]  The disease has a childhood onset and results in a slowly progressive muscle weakness, typically beginning in the legs, and some patients can eventually require wheelchair assistance with advanced age.  The Vma21 protein assists in assembly of the V-ATPase, and XMEA associated mutations result in decreased activity of the V-ATPase and increased lysosomal pH.[53]  The term Vo has a lowercase letter "o" (not the number "zero") in subscript. The "o" stands for oligomycin, which binds to the homologous region in F-ATPase.  It is worth noting that the human gene notations at NCBI designate it as "zero" rather than the letter "o".  For example, the gene for the human c subunit of Vo is listed in NCBI gene database as "ATP6V0C" (with a zero), rather than "ATP6VOC" (with an "o"). Many pieces of literature make this mistake as well.  ATP synthase F-ATPase Na+/K+-ATPase"
Cooper (motorcycles);" Cooper was a rebadged American brand of off-road motorcycles designed by Frank Cooper and manufactured by Moto Islo in Saltillo, Mexico for distribution in the United States between 1973 and 1975.[1][2]  The Cooper motorcycle company was created in Burbank, California in 1972 by Frank Cooper who, was the American distributor for Maico motorcycles.[1][2] As the baby boomer generation came of age during the 1960s and 1970s, off-road motorcycling experienced a surge in popularity.[3] Cooper sought to fill a void in the motorcycle marketplace between the less expensive, entry level Japanese motorcycles and the more expensive European motorcycles.[1][2]  Cooper contracted with Isidro Lopez, the owner of a Mexican moped manufacturer named Moto Islo, to build motocross and enduro motorcycles to Cooper's specifications.[1][2] Using engine parts made in Italy and later, engines made by Sachs, Cooper imported the motorcycles into the United States and sold them as Cooper motorcycles beginning in early 1973.[2] Cooper produced an Enduro 250 cc model designed by Malcolm Smith using an engine based on a Yamaha two-stroke engine in addition to other bikes.   Although the motorcycles were initially well received, they soon developed a reputation for poor quality due to metallurgy failures, poor quality fiberglass parts and deficient quality control during the manufacturing process.[2] Although Cooper addressed most of the reliability issues, the brand's poor reputation persisted.[2] Cooper was also unable to manufacture motorcycles at prices low enough to compete against Japanese motorcycle manufacturers.[2] The combination of a poor reputation along with a higher than anticipated price caused the company to cease operations after producing approximately 1,200 motorcycles.[2]  The Cooper motorcycle brand was then purchased by Southern California Yamaha distributor, Don Jones who renamed the brand Ammex.[1][4][5][6] Their intent was to achieve sales success by having Jones' son, three-time motocross national champion Gary Jones compete aboard the motorcycles.[1] The Jones family significantly improved the Ammex over the previous Cooper model. Jones competed on an Ammex motorcycle during the 1976 250cc motocross national championship with his best result being a 10th place at the Sears Point race.[7] However, the brand failed when the Mexican peso was devalued in 1976.[1][4]  Moto Islo also made a trials motorcycle from 1971 to 1975 called GRM (Grapevine Racing Motors) that was imported to the United States, for Bill Grapevine, who designed the bike. The Islo manufacturing facilities and name were bought by Honda around 1982.[1] Since 2000, the brand has resurfaced in the Mexican market under the ownership of Moto Road S.A. de C.V., the same company that currently owns the Carabela motorcycle brand. "
Cowan Cowan Point Light;"   Cowan Cowan Point Light, was also known as Cowan Cowan Light or Cowan Point Light, was located on Cowan Cowan Point, on the western shore of Moreton Island, Queensland, Australia.  The first settlement at the point was a pilot station, moved from Amity Point in August 1848. The pilot station was later moved to Bulwer. The first lighthouse was constructed in the early 1860s, a 18 feet (5.5 m) wooden tower.[1][2] It carried a large kerosene burner with a reflector[1] and showed a fixed white light.[2] In 1867, together with the construction of the Comboyuro Point Light tower, the tower was extended to 34 feet (10 m).[1]  In 1873 it was decided that the tower should be upgraded again. The new lighthouse was constructed in 1874 by the brothers John and Jacob Rooney of Maryborough, who already constructed Sandy Cape Light in 1870.[3] The Rooney brother also constructed Lady Elliot Island Light[3] around the same time, and the same lantern plan was used for both lighthouses.[4] They later constructed Cape Bowling Green Light in 1874,[3] Cape Capricorn Light in 1875,[3] and finally Booby Island Light in 1890.[5] The apparatus was also upgraded  and the old apparatus was installed on the old Comboyuro Point tower which was moved to Burnett Heads and is now known as the Old Burnett Heads Light.[6] The light was intensified in 1883 by installed condensing prisms.[1] Further construction is reported in 1899, though no details exist.[7]  Coastal erosion problems were reported as early as 1898.[8] In 1901 the tower and the cottage were moved 635 feet (194 m) inland to protect them from the aforementioned erosion.[1] A 1909 listing describes the tower as a wooden tower, carrying a fixed fourth order dioptric apparatus. The light was showing red and white sectors, and was visible for 12 nautical miles (22 km, 14 mi).[9]  In 1909 the pilot station at Bulwer was closed except for a remaining signal station. In 1912 this signal station was moved to Cowan Cowan. For part of its lifetime, the signal station was operated by the Cowan Cowan light keeper. In 1950 the light was converted to acetylene gas, automated, and demanned.[10]  The List of Lights lists an active light at the site, a square metal tower, which also serves as a daymark, with orange yellow squares on the northwest and southwest faces. The light, displayed at a focal height of 30 feet (9.1 m), is a flash every two seconds, white, red or green, depending on the direction (Fl.W.R.G. 2s), visible for 10 nautical miles (19 km, 12 mi). Green is shown on 345°−016°30′, red is shown on 016°30′−048°30′, 055°−132° and 141°−188° while white is displayed on 048°30′−055° and 132°−141°. The light is partially obscured by trees on 165°−188°.[11]  Coordinates: 27°08′12″S 153°21′46″E﻿ / ﻿27.13655°S 153.36282°E﻿ / -27.13655, 153.36282  Queensland portal Engineering portal List of lighthouses in Australia"
Vicente Cantatore;"   Vicente Cantatore (6 October 1935 – 15 January 2021) was an Argentine football player and manager.  He played for Talleres de Córdoba, Tigre, San Lorenzo, Rangers de Talca, Santiago Wanderers and Deportes Concepción.[1]  He managed Lota Schwager, Cobreloa, Chile, Real Valladolid, Sevilla, Universidad Católica, Colo-Colo, Tenerife,[2] Real Valladolid, Sporting CP, Betis and Sporting de Gijón.  Born in Argentina, his parents were Italians and he naturalized Chilean.[3]  He was the grand-uncle of former Gateway IGA fish salesman Anthony Cantatore. "
Julani Archibald;" Julani Archibald (born 18 May 1991) is a Kittitian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Maltese club Birkirkara and the Saint Kitts and Nevis national football team. Besides Saint Kitts and Nevis, he has played in Trinidad and Tobago, Honduras, and Malta.[2][3][4][5]  In the 2015 MLS Caribbean Combine, Archibald was one of two goalkeepers in the 19-player list and was the one of two players from Saint Kitts and Nevis.[6] [7]  He made the winning save for W Connection F.C. to prevent domestic rivals Central F.C. in a dramatic penalty-shoot-out. As a result, W Connection made the final of the 2015 Trinidad and Tobago Classic.[8]  In 2018, he signed for Real de Minas.[9][10][11][12][13][14][15]  In 2021, he signed for Santa Lucia.[16][17][18][19][20] In 2022, he signed for Birkirkara.[21][22][23]  Archibald was the Kittitian goalkeeper for the 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification stages against Turks and Caicos.[24]  He also played in two friendlies, including a victory against the Andorra.[25]    This biographical article related to Saint Kitts and Nevis association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
VGM;" VGM may stand for:  Video game music, a style of music Van Gogh Museum, a museum in Amsterdam named after the famous painter VGM (file format), a computer music file format used in old gaming consoles Verified Gross Mass (VERMAS or VGM), a SOLAS Convention  requirement for container weight as defined by the International Maritime Organisation that transmits container weight information Volo's Guide to Monsters, a supplement for the 5th edition Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game"
1999 OFC Men's Olympic Qualifying Tournament;" The 1999 OFC Men's Olympic Qualifying Tournament took place in December 1999 to determine which Oceania Football Confederation (OFC) member would compete in a play-off against Confederation of African Football (CAF) member to enter the men's football tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.[1]  The winner advanced to the OFC–CAF play-off. "
Antietam Academy;" Antietam Academy is a public high school and middle school in Hagerstown, Washington County, Maryland, United States. The school consists of an alternative program specializing in behavioral as well as academic disciplines for students in grades 6–12. It was formally renamed in 2003 after being known as the Alternative Center since its introduction in 1977. Up until 2011, its middle school and high school components were housed in two different locations, both in Hagerstown, Maryland. In January 2011 its new facility was opened in Hagerstown that is now home to both levels. After its opening the building, on 40 West Oak Ridge Drive, has become home to other educational programs, including Evening High School and a summer school program. The High School Assistant Principal is Frank English.[1]  The school is part of the Washington County Public Schools system. The High School Day is 8:45 to 3:30 and Middle School is 8:30 to 3:00.    This Maryland school-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
List of highways numbered 340;" The following highways are numbered 340:  Manitoba Provincial Road 340  New Brunswick Route 340 Newfoundland and Labrador Route 340  Nova Scotia Route 340 Prince Edward Island Route 340  Quebec Route 340 Saskatchewan Highway 340  National Highway 340 (India)  Japan National Route 340  Fv340  U.S. Route 340  Arkansas Highway 340  Colorado State Highway 340  Georgia State Route 340 (former) Hawaii Route 340  Indiana State Road 340  Missouri Route 340  Nevada State Route 340  New York State Route 340  Ohio State Route 340  Pennsylvania Route 340 Texas:  Texas State Highway 340 (former)  Texas State Highway Loop 340  Texas State Highway 340 (former)  Texas State Highway Loop 340  Wyoming Highway 340"
RCHM;" RCHM may refer to  Royal Commission on the Historical Monuments of England Royal Commission on Historical Manuscripts (though this is more usually abbreviated as HMC)"
Nakayama Dam;" Nakayama Dam is a gravity dam located in Toyama prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for power production. The catchment area of the dam is 108.3 km2. The dam impounds about 2  ha of land when full and can store 111 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1960 and completed in 1961.[1]  This article about a dam or floodgate in Japan is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Puentes Grandes;" Puentes Grandes (Spanish for "large bridges") is a neighborhood in the municipality of Playa, Havana, in Cuba  The neighborhood is located near the District of Miramar and Vedado District and it has a population of 5,830.  The old neighborhood of Puentes Grandes had its origin at the end of the 16th century. It formed in one of the first neighborhoods that were established in the surroundings of Havana.  The local amenity attracted several families of the capital, which there built summer mansions to swim in the pure waters of the Almendares River.      This Cuban location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. "Puentes Grandes (Playa)", EcuRed (Cuban state-filtered wiki) v t e Callejas Calvario-Fraternidad Eléctrico Guinera Los Pinos Managua Mantilla Párraga Poey Víbora Park Altahabana-Capdevila Armada-Aldabó Boyeros Calabazar Nuevo Santiago Santiago de las Vegas Wajay Cayo Hueso Colón Dragones Los Sitios Pueblo Nuevo Armada Cerro El Canal Las Cañas Latinoamericano Palatino Pilar-Atares Alberro Cuatro Caminos Lotería San Pedro-Centro Cotorro Santa Maria del Rosario Magdalena-Torriente Acosta Jesús del Monte La Víbora Lawton Luyanó Santos Suárez Sevillano Tamarindo Vista Alegre Chivas-Roble Debeche-Nalon Hata-Naranjo Mañana-Habana Nueva Minas-Barreras Peñalver-Bacuranao Villa I Villa II Alamar Este Alamar-Playa Alturas de Alamar Camilo Cienfuegos Campo Florido Cojímar Guanabo (incl. Santa María del Mar, Tarará) Guiteras Belén Catedral Jesús María Plaza Vieja Prado San Isidro Tallapiedra Alturas de La Lisa Arroyo Arenas Balcón Arimao El Cano-Valle Grande-Bello 26 y Morado Punta Brava San Agustín Versalles-Coronela CAI-Los Ángeles Libertad Pocito-Palmas Pogoloti-Belén-Finlay Santa Felicia Zamora-Cocosolo Ampliación Almendares Buena Vista (incl. Puentes Grandes) Ceiba Cubanacán Miramar Santa Fe Siboney Sierra Colón-Nuevo Vedado El Carmelo Nuevo Vedado-Puentes Grandes Plaza Príncipe Rampa Vedado Vedado-Malecón Casablanca Guaicanimar Loma Modelo Diezmero Dolores-Veracruz Jacomino Luyanó Moderno Rocafort San Francisco de Paula v t e"
Michigan City, North Dakota;" Michigan City is a city in Nelson County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 263 at the 2020 census.[3] Though the official name is Michigan City, local residents commonly refer to the city as Michigan.[4]  The town population has been declining since the 1980 census.[5]  Michigan City was founded in 1882 by Edwin A. Lamb, who came to the area from Port Huron, Michigan.[4]  SITE OF THE 1945 MICHIGAN TRAIN WRECK, Michigan, North Dakota  In 1945, a Great Northern passenger train collided into the rear of another near the city, causing 309 injuries and 34 deaths. Most of the passengers on the two trains were soldiers returning home from World War II.[6]  The city hosts the annual Michigan Days festival each August.[7]  Michigan City is located at 48°1′28″N 98°7′19″W﻿ / ﻿48.02444°N 98.12194°W﻿ / 48.02444, -98.12194 (48.024415, -98.121851).[8]  According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 0.52 square miles (1.35 km2), of which 0.51 square miles (1.32 km2) is land and 0.01 square miles (0.03 km2) is water.[9]  Michigan is located between Grand Forks and Devils Lake, both in North Dakota.  As of the census of 2010, there were 294 people, 149 households, and 82 families residing in the city. The population density was 576.5 inhabitants per square mile (222.6/km2). There were 173 housing units at an average density of 339.2 per square mile (131.0/km2). The racial makeup of the city was 96.9% White, 1.7% Native American, and 1.4% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.0% of the population.  There were 149 households, of which 18.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.0% were married couples living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.0% were non-families. 38.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.62.  The median age in the city was 49.8 years. 18% of residents were under the age of 18, 9.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24, 15.7% were from 25 to 44, 35% were from 45 to 64, and 22.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.  As of the census of 2000, there were 345 people, 159 households, and 94 families residing in the city. The population density was 645.7 people per square mile (251.3/km2). There were 176 housing units at an average density of 329.4 per square mile (128.2/km2). The racial makeup of the city was 99.13% White, 0.29% African American, 0.29% Asian, and 0.29% from two or more races.  There were 159 households, out of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.3% were married couples living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.3% were non-families. 38.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.89.  In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 21.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.7 males.  The median income for a household in the city was $32,054, and the median income for a family was $40,833. Males had a median income of $27,250 versus $16,875 for females. The per capita income for the city was $16,034. About 4.5% of families and 8.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 5.2% of those under age 18 and 11.0% of those age 65 or over.     SITE OF THE 1945 MICHIGAN TRAIN WRECK, Michigan, North Dakota   "
Zāhir Pīr;" Zahir Pir is a city in Rahim Yar Khan District, Punjab, Pakistan. It is located on N-5.It has Motorway Exchange from M-5 also. Zahir Pir is connected with Rahim Yar Khan District HQ (65 km) Khanpur Tehsil HQ (25 km), Chachran Sharif on Indus River Bank (11 km) and connected to Kot Mitthan (25 km) via Bridge.     This Pakistan-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. v t e Khanpur Liaqatpur Rahim Yar Khan Sadiqabad Rahim Yar Khan (capital) Chachran Khanpur Liaquatpur Mian Wali Qureshian Khan Bela Sadiqabad Zāhir Pīr Adam Sahaba Allah Abad Amingarh Bhong Firoza Machkka Goth Machi Adam Sahaba Aminabad Bangla Manthar Basti Haji Gul Muhammad Bhong Chak 111/1L Chak 151 P Chak 152 P Chandia Chandrami Jajjah Abbasiyan Kot Karam Khan Rahimabad Haji Yusuf Solangi-Mauza Bhara- Machkka v t e"
Laxmi Prasad Pokhrel;" Laxmi Prasad Pokhrel (Nepali: लक्ष्मी प्रसाद पोख्रेल) is a member of 2nd Nepalese Constituent Assembly. He won Dailekh–2 seat in 2013 Nepalese Constituent Assembly election from Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist).[1][2]    This article about a politician from Karnali Province is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
An Waray;" An Waray is a party-list in the Philippines, mainly based on the islands of Leyte, Samar and Biliran.[1]  In the 2004 elections for the House of Representatives An Waray got 268,164 votes (2.1079% of the nationwide vote)[2] and one seat (Florencio Noel). An Waray Party List is a democratic multi-sectoral party-list organization that envisions a just, progressive and peaceful Filipino society characterized by its principles katilingban (sense of community), kahimyang (peace) and kauswagan (progress) through the adoption of a community-based and peace oriented development agenda.[1]  Politics of Philippines Political parties Elections"
Sophia Palaiologina;"   Zoe Palaiologina (Medieval Greek: Ζωή Παλαιολογίνα), whose name was  later changed to Sophia Palaiologina (Russian: София Фоминична Палеолог, ca. 1449 – 7 April 1503), was a Byzantine princess, member of the Imperial Palaiologos family, and Grand Princess of Moscow as the second wife of Grand Prince Ivan III. Through her eldest son, Vasili III, she was the grandmother of Ivan the Terrible, the first Tsar of All Russia.  Zoe was born in the Morea in 1449. Her father was Thomas Palaiologos, Despot of the Morea and younger brother of the last Byzantine Emperor, Constantine XI Palaiologos (r. 1449–1453).[1] Her mother was Catherine, the only legitimate daughter and heiress of Centurione II Zaccaria, the last independent Prince of Achaea and Baron of Arcadia.  The marriage between Thomas Palaiologos and Catherine Zaccaria produced four children: Helena (later wife of Lazar Branković, Despot of Serbia), Zoe, Andreas, and Manuel.  The fall of the Byzantine Empire in 1453 was a turning point in Zoe's life. Seven years later, in 1460, the Ottoman army attacked Morea and quickly breached the Hexamilion wall across the Isthmus of Corinth, which was too long to be effectively manned and defended by Thomas' forces. Thomas and his family escaped to Corfu and then to Rome, where (already recognized as the legitimate heir to the Byzantine Empire by the Pope) he made a ceremonial entrance as Byzantine Emperor on 7 March 1461. Catherine remained in Corfu with her children and died there on 16 August 1462.  Zoe and her brothers remained in Petriti, a fishing port on the southeast coast of Corfu, until 1465, when their dying father recalled them to Rome. Thomas Palaiologos died on 12 May 1465.[2]  Zoe and her brothers were adopted by the Papacy after her father's death.  Her name, Zoe, was changed to Sophia. Born and raised in the Orthodox religion, it is possible that she was educated as a Catholic in Rome.[3] She spent the next years in the court of Pope Sixtus IV.  The care of the Imperial children was assigned to a famous Greek humanist, theologian and scholar, Cardinal Basilios Bessarion. The Cardinal's surviving correspondence shows that the Pope took an interest in the welfare and development of Sophia and her brothers. They received 3,600 crowns (in payments of 200 crowns per month) for their clothes, horses and servants, and an additional 100 crowns for the maintenance of a modest household that included a doctor, a Latin teacher, a Greek teacher, a translator, and one or two priests.  After the death of Thomas Palaeologus, his eldest son, Andreas, claimed the Imperial title, but he sold his rights to several European monarchs and ultimately died in poverty. During the reign of Bayezid II, Manuel returned to Constantinople (now Istanbul) and remained there, at the mercy of the Sultan. According to some sources, he converted to Islam, raised a family and served in the Turkish Navy.  In 1466, the Venetian Republic invited King James II of Cyprus to ask for the hand of Sophia in marriage, but he refused. Around 1467, Pope Paul II offered Sophia's hand to a Prince Caracciolo. Although they were solemnly betrothed, the marriage never took place.  Maria of Tver, the first wife of Grand Prince Ivan III of Moscow, died in 1467. Their marriage produced one son, Ivan the Young, born in 1458.   The marriage between Sophia and Ivan III was proposed by Pope Paul II in 1469, probably in hopes of strengthening the influence of the Catholic Church in Russia and eventually unifying the Orthodox and Catholic churches, as stipulated in the Council of Florence. Ivan III's motives for pursuing this union were probably related to Sophia's status and her rights over Constantinople.  Cardinal Bessarion, a dedicated advocate of reunification, may have conceived the marriage plan.  Negotiations lasted for three years. Russian chronicles describe the events as follows:   Even before she departed for Russian lands, it became apparent that the Vatican's plans to have Sophia represent Catholicism had failed: Immediately after her wedding, she returned to the faith of her fathers. Papal Legate Anthony was not permitted to enter Moscow carrying the Latin cross  before him.[5] (The Korsun cross is on view in the collections of the Moscow Kremlin Museums.)  The formal wedding between Ivan III and Sophia took place at the Dormition Cathedral in Moscow on 12 November 1472. Some sources say that the ceremony was performed by Metropolitan Philip, others state that Hosea, Abbot of Kolomna, was the officiant.[6][7]  Special mansions and gardens were built for Sophia in Moscow. (They were burned in the great Moscow fire of 1493, and much of the treasure of the Grand Princess was lost.)  Sophia was apparently not obliged to follow the custom of isolation[8] that was practiced by elite Russian women among the wealthy boyars and the royal family. It was noted that she did not confine herself to the terems, the women's quarters, but greeted foreign representatives as the queens of Western Europe did.[3]  The Venetian ambassador, Ambrogio Contarini, wrote that in 1476 he had an audience with the Grand Duchess, who received him politely and kindly, and respectfully asked about the Doge.  Before the invasion of Akhmad in 1480, Sophia, her children, household and treasury were sent away, first to Dmitrov and then on to Belozersk. For fear Akhmad would finally take Moscow, she was advised to flee farther north, to the sea. These precautions led Vissarion, Bishop of Rostov, to warn the Grand Duke that his excessive attachment to his wife and children would be his destruction.[9] The family did not return to Moscow until the winter.   Over time, the second marriage of the Grand Prince became one of the main sources of tension in the court, thanks to the "shrewd" character of the new Grand Princess[3] and the spreading rumours that her husband let himself be directed by her suggestions.[3] It is believed that Sophia introduced grand Byzantine ceremonies and meticulous court etiquette into the Kremlin, pleased with the idea of Moscow as a Third Rome.  In 1472, she was repelled by the formal tributary gesture with which her spouse greeted the Mongolian representatives. She is supposed to have convinced him to abandon that subordinate relationship with the Mongols in a break that was eventually completed in 1480.[3]  Soon, the court divided into two parties. One supported the heir to the throne, Ivan the Young, and the other sided with Sophia. In 1476, the Venetian Ambrogio Contarini noted that the heir to the throne had lost his father's favor, thanks to the intrigues of the Despoina. (Despoina, or “Lady”, was used as a Byzantine court title.  Sophia was so honoured as her father's heir. ) However, if any tension existed between father and son, it did not interfere with his rights: From 1477 Ivan the Young was officially referred to as the co-ruler of Ivan III.  The princely family increased significantly: between 1474 and 1490, as the Grand Princess gave birth to eleven children, five sons and six daughters.   There is a legend associated with the birth of Sophia's eldest son, the future Vasily III: During one of her devout visits to the  Trinity Lavra of St. Sergius, the Grand Princess had a vision of the Venerable Sergius of Radonezh in which the saint  "presented her the long-waited son between his arms."  Another source of tension appeared in the Russian court in January 1483, when Ivan the Young married Elena, daughter of Stephen III the Great, Prince of Moldavia. The heir's new wife soon became involved in court intrigues, especially after 10 October 1483, when she gave birth to a son, Dmitry. After the annexation of Tver in 1485, the Grand Duke named Ivan the Young Grand Prince of this domain. During the 1480s, Ivan's position as the rightful heir was quite secure and Sophia's supporters became less so. In particular, the Grand Princess was unable to obtain government posts for her relatives: Her brother, Andreas, departed from Moscow with nothing, and her niece, Maria (wife of Vasily Mikhailovich, Hereditary Prince of Verey-Belozersky), was forced to flee to Lithuania with her husband, an event that further undermined Sophia's position at court. According to sources, Sophia had arranged her niece's marriage to Prince Vasily in 1480, and in 1483 she gave Maria some jewelry that belonged to Ivan III's first wife. When Ivan the Young asked for these jewels (he wanted to give them to his wife, Elena, as a gift), he discovered they were missing. Outraged, he ordered a search. Prince Vasily did not wait for retribution, but fled to Lithuania with his wife. One direct consequence of this episode was that Prince Michael of Verey-Belozersky, Vasily's father, bequeathed his domains to the Grand Prince, effectively disinheriting his son.[10][11] Sophia was able to obtain a pardon for her niece and her husband in 1493, but they never returned.  New factors came into play around 1490 when Ivan the Young became ill. The diagnosis was gout. Sophia wrote to a Venetian doctor named Leon, who imprudently  promised Ivan III that he could cure the heir to the throne. All efforts failed. Ivan the Young died on 7 March 1490, and the doctor was executed.[12] Rumors spread through Moscow that Sophia had poisoned the heir. Andrey Kurbsky, who wrote about these events almost 100 years later, said that these rumors were indisputable facts. However, modern historians say that, due to lack of sources, the theory that Sophia poisoned Ivan the Young cannot be verified.   In 1497, Sophia and her eldest son, Vasili, were allegedly involved in a plot to kill Prince Dmitry, son of Ivan the Young. Both were disgraced and probably banished from court.[13] On 4 February 1498, in the Dormition Cathedral in an atmosphere of great splendor, Prince Dmitry was crowned Grand Prince and co-ruler with his grandfather. Sophia and her son Vasili were not invited to the coronation. However, they were restored to favor in mid-1499 and allowed to return to court.  On 11 April 1502, the dynastic struggle came to an end. According to chronicles, Ivan III suddenly changed his mind and imprisoned both Grand Prince Dmitry and his mother, Elena, placing them under house arrest, surrounded by guards. Three days later, on 14 April, Vasili was crowned the new Grand Prince and co-ruler. Soon, Dmitry and his mother were transferred from house arrest to prison.   The downfall of Dmitry and Elena also determined the fate of the Moscow-Novgorod Reformation movement in the Orthodox Church.[14] In 1503, a council finally defeated it, and many prominent and progressive leaders of the movement were executed. Elena of Moldavia died in prison on 18 January 1505. Her son Dmitry died a few years later, on 14 February 1509, either from hunger and cold, or, as some claim, by suffocation on the orders of his uncle.[15]  The triumph of her son was the last important event in Sophia's life. She died on 7 April 1503, two years before her husband, who died on 27 October 1505.  She was buried in a massive white stone sarcophagus in the crypt of the Ascension Convent in the Kremlin, next to the grave of Maria of Tver, the first wife of Ivan III. The word "Sophia" is carved on the lid of the sarcophagus.  The Ascension Convent was destroyed in 1929, and the remains of Sophia and of other royal women were transferred to an underground chamber in the southern extension of the Cathedral of the Archangel.  Sophia Palaiologina was the subject of the 2016 Russian television series Sophia, in which she was portrayed by Mariya Andreyeva.[20]  She is a minor character in Dorothy Dunnett's acclaimed series of historical novels, known as The House of Niccolò, which is set in the late 15th century.  Vasili III Yury Ivanovich Dmitri Ivanovich Simeon Ivanovich Andrey Ivanovich Elena Ivanovna Feodosiya Ivanovna Eudoxia Ivanovna On 11 February 1469, a delegation led by Cardinal Bessarion arrived in Moscow with the formal proposal of a marriage between Sophia and the Grand Prince. Ivan III consulted his mother, Maria of Borovsk, the Metropolitan Philip and his boyars, and received a positive response. In 1469, Ivan Fryazin (Gian-Battista della Volpe) was sent to the Papal Court to engage in formal negotiations for the match. The Pope received the Russian Ambassador with great honors. According to the chronicles, Fryazin returned to Moscow with a portrait of the princess that "caused an extreme surprise in the court". (This portrait has not survived. It was probably painted by one of the painters in residence at the Papal Court at that time, either Pietro Perugino, Melozzo da Forlì or Pedro Berruguete). On 16 January 1472, Fryazin was sent to Rome again, this time to bring home his master's bride. He arrived in Rome on 23 May, after a journey of more than four months. The marriage took place on  1 June 1472, at St. Peter's Basilica. Because Grand Prince Ivan III could not be present, Fryazin served as his proxy. Clarice Orsini (wife of Lorenzo the Magnificent, ruler of Florence) and Queen Catherine of Bosnia were among the guests at the ceremony. [4] Sophia received 6,000 ducats as a dowry. On 24 June 1472, Sophia and Fryazin left Rome with a grand entourage. The bride was accompanied by Cardinal Bessarion, who was probably there to act as an agent at the Moscow court. Legend says that Sophia's dowry included books that became the basis of the famous library of Ivan the Terrible, her grandson. Their itinerary took them to the north of Italy and through Germany to the port of Lübeck, where they arrived on 1 September. The voyage across the Baltic Sea took 11 days. The ship landed in Reval (now Tallinn) in October 1472, and she continued the trip through Dorpat (now Tartu), Pskov, and Novgorod. Sophia was officially acclaimed in Pskov, and she impressed onlookers by the way she thanked the public for the celebrations.[3] Sophia finally arrived in Moscow on 12 November 1472, Elena (18 April 1474 – 9 May 1476). Feodosia (May 1475 – young). Elena (19 May 1476 – 20 January 1513), married Alexander Jagiellon, King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania. Vasili (26 March 1479 – 3 December 1533), became Grand Prince of Moscow. Yuri (23 March 1480 – 3 August 1536), Prince of Dmitrov, died of starvation in prison. Dmitri (6 October 1481 – 14 February 1521), Prince of Uglich. Eudokia (February 1483 – 8 February 1513), married Khudakul, Kazan Tsar of the Tartars (baptized as Peter). Through her daughter, Anastasia Petrovna, wife of Prince Fyodor Mikhailovich Mstislavsky, she is the ancestor of all living members of the House of Galitzin,[16][17][18] and of Prince Rostislav Romanov and his siblings.[19] Elena (8 April 1484 – young). Feodosia (29 May 1485 – 19 February 1501), married Vasili, Prince of Kholm. Simeon (21 March 1487 – 26 June 1518), Prince of Kaluga, fled to Lithuania after being accused of treason. Andrei (5 August 1490 – 11 December 1537), Prince of Staritza, killed in prison."
E. B. Eddy Company;" The E. B. Eddy Company was a Canadian pulp and paper company, now a division of Domtar Inc. At the time of the purchase, the company had facilities in Hull, Quebec, Timmins, Ontario, Espanola, Ontario, Chapleau, Ontario, Pembroke, Ontario, Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Delta, British Columbia and Port Huron, Michigan.  The E. B. Eddy Manufacturing Company was originally incorporated in 1886 as with Ezra Butler Eddy as its president. Eddy had begun business in 1854 making and selling wooden matches out of his home in Hull, Canada East (now Quebec). The company expanded into pulp and paper. In 1891, it was renamed to the E. B. Eddy Company.  On April 26, 1900, a large fire destroyed most of the company's facilities, but it was back in operation in less than a year. Eddy died in 1906. In 1926, R.B. Bennett gained control of the company.  In 1943, the company was sold to George Weston, Ltd. The company acquired the paper mills of the J.R. Booth Company in 1946.  In 1998, the company was taken over by Domtar Inc. and became the E. B. Eddy Division of that company.  E. B. Eddy sold off its match division in 1927 and it was merged with World Match Corp. Ltd., Dominion Match Co. Ltd. and Canadian Match Co. Ltd.. The company became the first manufacturer of book matches in Canada in 1929 and was the largest producer of this product in Canada.  Its operations included a second plant in Mission, British Columbia.  Eddy Match had a capital structure where 2/3 of the stock were held by British Match Corporation in London, England and 1/3 by Diamond Match in the United States. In the 1950s, Diamond Match sold its shares to the public in Canada by listing on the Toronto Stock Exchange. J. Alex Lawrason became President and CEO in June 1969 in Toronto, Ontario. He had joined the company in Vancouver, British Columbia in 1949, as a salesman.  During the 1960s and 1970s, other operations included:  The company operated a match factory in Pembroke, Ontario until 1998. Eddy Match was merged with Atlas Match of Euless, Texas in 1998,[1] which itself was acquired by D. D. Bean of Jaffrey, New Hampshire in 2016.[2]  Ideal Vendor Company in Deseronto, Ontario which manufactured vending machines. Ideal Vendors made a variety of soft drink vending machines. The Sales office (& HO) of Ideal was in the Sun Life Building in Montreal. The last president was Dudley Sutherland.  He travelled the world selling these machines and spent a lot of time doing so in Africa.  The machine was unique in that it was a top-opener - the bottles were held on a rack by the neck. There were a number of parallel racks. The bottles were more air-cooled than cold. Inserting a coin allowed one bottle to be moved down the rack and out the dispensing end. Steel Equipment in Pembroke which manufactured steel office furniture Grant Industries in Vancouver which distributed building products. This company was identified as one of the Canadian distributors of zonolite products contaminated with asbestos which originated from Libby, Montana. The company was purchased in the mid-1950s and had branches right across Canada. The company was shut down and liquidated in 1971. Kootenay Forest Products in Nelson, British Columbia Harrow Lumber Company in Nelson, British Columbia Insulation Industries Eddy Match Co. in Berthierville, Quebec Eddy industrial Products. Started as a machine shop and in due course was manufacturing high-speed packaging machinery for light bulbs all of which were shipped to customers in the United States. W. W. Powell in Nelson, British Columbia. The company manufactured match blocks. The company was purchased in 1949 and closed in approximately 1954"
Goertzel;" Goertzel algorithm - an algorithm used in digital signal processing Gerald Goertzel - author of the Goertzel algorithm Ben Goertzel - an American researcher in the field of artificial intelligence"
Husaynzada;" Husaynzada (Azerbaijani: Hüseynzadə, Persian: حسینزاده, romanized: hoseynzâde) is a surname built from Husayn and the Persian suffix zada. Notable people with the surname include:  Amir Hossein Hosseinzadeh (born 2000), Iranian footballer Mohammad Reza Hosseinzadeh (born 1964), Iranian economist and banker Mohammad-Ali Hosseinzadeh (1977–2016), Iranian principlist Tofig Huseynzade Mehdi Huseynzade Ali bey Huseynzade Mahammadali Huseinzadeh Ahmad Huseinzadeh Sabir Gusein-Zade"
The Silence (1998 film);" The Silence (Persian: سکوت, romanized: Sokut, Tajik: Сукут, romanized: Sukut) is an Iranian–Tajik film from 1998. It is directed by Iranian film maker Mohsen Makhmalbaf. The movie is about a little boy who has the onerous task of earning money for his family, but is always enchanted and distracted by music.  Khorshid lives with his mother in a house near a river somewhere in Tajikistan. The landlord comes every morning to ask for the rent. Khorshid has to provide the money or else they'll have to leave. His blindness has given him an amazing skill in tuning musical instruments which gets him a job at an instrument making workshop. But Khorshid is mesmerized by sonorous music all the time, whenever he hears a great musician play, he loses track of time and place. This causes him to lose his place and have to work late. He struggles to find a balance between his love of music and his task as a breadwinner.  Makhmalbaf himself divided his works into four phases in an article in The New York Times: "The first four films, made before 1985, are thinly disguised religious proselytizing. From 1985 to 1990, when the ruling mullahs loosened censorship enough to allow movies to focus on general social problems, his perspective changed...After this, Mr. Makhmalbaf largely abandoned traditional narrative...First, he made what he calls his philosophical films, then he made the recent poetic movies that have landed him in trouble with the censors."[1] Sokout belongs to his poetic style of film making, where he gets rid of the shackles of classical narration and depicts some of his favorite themes by using symbolism coming from Sufi traditions.  The movie is replete with symbols of Sufism. From the use of music to achieve ecstasy, the nature, and the broken mirror, the repeated image of the river, to the light coming from above, the symbolic representation of mystic interpretations of Islam appear throughout the movie. Makhmalbaf does not stay local on this matter. His use of Symphony No. 5 (Beethoven) shows that he deliberately wants to say the themes he is referring to are of a universal nature according to him, and not just mundane, ephemeral, matters. The broken mirror is an icon borrowed from Rumi, which represents only a part of the truth. Everyone possesses a part of the mirror, i.e. a part of the truth, and thinks she has all of it. But, of course to a Sufi, none of the parts equals to the whole truth. Professor Ridgeon is among those who emphasize extensively on the implications of the mirror in Makhmalbaf's movies, particularly this one.[2]  The film is banned in Iran since 1998.  1998 (1998) Tahmineh Normatova as Khorshid Nadereh Abdelahyeva as Nadereh Goibibi Ziadolahyeva as Khorshid's mother In 1998, the film won: 'CinemAvvenire' Award: Cinema, Man, Nature - Mohsen Makhmalbaf Sergio Trasatti Award - Special Mention - Mohsen Makhmalbaf The President of the Italian Senate's Gold Medal - Mohsen Makhmalbaf 'CinemAvvenire' Award: Cinema, Man, Nature - Mohsen Makhmalbaf Sergio Trasatti Award - Special Mention - Mohsen Makhmalbaf The President of the Italian Senate's Gold Medal - Mohsen Makhmalbaf"
Investment fund;" An investment fund is a way of investing money alongside other investors in order to benefit from the inherent advantages of working as part of a group such as reducing the risks of the investment by a significant percentage. These advantages include an ability to:  It remains unclear whether professional active investment managers can reliably enhance risk adjusted returns by an amount that exceeds fees and expenses of investment management. Terminology varies with country but investment funds are often referred to as investment pools, collective investment vehicles, collective investment schemes, managed funds, or simply funds.  The regulatory term is undertaking for collective investment in transferable securities, or short collective investment undertaking (cf. Law). An investment fund may be held by the public, such as a mutual fund, exchange-traded fund, special-purpose acquisition company or closed-end fund,[1] or it may be sold only in a private placement, such as a hedge fund or private equity fund.[2]  The term also includes specialized vehicles such as collective and common trust funds, which are unique bank-managed funds structured primarily to commingle assets from qualifying pension plans or trusts.[3]  Investment funds are promoted with a wide range of investment aims either targeting specific geographic regions (e.g., emerging markets or Europe) or specified industry sectors (e.g., technology). Depending on the country there is normally a bias towards the domestic market due to familiarity, and the lack of currency risk. Funds are often selected on the basis of these specified investment aims, their past investment performance, and other factors such as fees.  The first (recorded) professionally managed investment funds or collective investment schemes, such as mutual funds, were established in the Dutch Republic.[4][5] Amsterdam-based businessman Abraham van Ketwich (also known as Adriaan van Ketwich) is often credited as the originator of the world's first mutual fund.[6]  The term "collective investment scheme" is a legal concept deriving initially from a set of European Union Directives to regulate mutual fund investment and management. The Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities Directives 85/611/EEC, as amended by 2001/107/EC and 2001/108/EC (typically known as UCITS for short) created an EU-wide structure, so that funds fulfilling its basic regulations could be marketed in any member state. The basic aim of collective investment scheme regulation is that the financial "products" that are sold to the public are sufficiently transparent, with full disclosure about the nature of the terms.[7]  In the United Kingdom, the primary statute is the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, where Part XVII, sections 235 to 284 deal with the requirements for a collective investment scheme to operate. It states in section 235 that a "collective investment scheme" means "any arrangements with respect to property of any description, including money, the purpose or effect of which is to enable persons taking part in the arrangements (whether by becoming owners of the property or any part of it or otherwise) to participate in or receive profits or income arising from the acquisition, holding, management or disposal of the property or sums paid out of such profits or income".  Collective investment vehicles may be formed under company law, by legal trust or by statute. The nature of the vehicle and its limitations are often linked to its constitutional nature and the associated tax rules for the type of structure within a given jurisdiction.  Typically there is:  Please see below for general information on specific forms of vehicles in different jurisdictions.  The net asset value (NAV) is the value of a vehicle's assets minus the value of its liabilities.  The method for calculating this varies between vehicle types and jurisdiction and can be subject to complex regulation.[citation needed]  An open-end fund is equitably divided into shares which vary in price in direct proportion to the variation in value of the fund's net asset value.  Each time money is invested, new shares or units are created to match the prevailing share price, each time shares are redeemed, the assets sold match the prevailing share price.  In this way there is no supply or demand created for shares and they remain a direct reflection of the underlying assets.  A closed-end fund issues a limited number of shares (or units) in an initial public offering (or IPO) or through private placement. If shares are issued through an IPO,[citation needed] they are then traded on a stock exchange. or directly through the fund manager to create a secondary market subject to market forces.   The price that investors receive for their shares may be significantly different from net asset value (NAV), it may be at a "premium" to NAV (i.e., higher than NAV) or, more commonly, at a "discount" to NAV (i.e., lower than NAV).  In the United States, at the end of 2018, there were 506 closed-end mutual funds with combined assets of $0.25 trillion, accounting for 1% of the U.S. industry.[8]  Exchange-traded funds (ETFs) combine characteristics of both closed-end funds and open-end funds. They are structured as open-end investment companies or UITs. ETFs are traded throughout the day on a stock exchange. An arbitrage mechanism is used to keep the trading price close to net asset value of the ETF holdings.  In the United States, at the end of 2018, there were 1,988 ETFs in the United States with combined assets of $3.3 trillion, accounting for 16% of the U.S. industry.[8]  Unit investment trusts (UITs) are issued to the public only once when they are created. UITs generally have a limited life span, established at creation. Investors can redeem shares directly with the fund at any time (similar to an open-end fund) or wait to redeem them upon the trust's termination. Less commonly, they can sell their shares in the open market.  Unlike other types of mutual funds, unit investment trusts do not have a professional investment manager. Their portfolio of securities is established at the creation of the UIT.  In the United States, at the end of 2018, there were 4,917 UITs with combined assets of less than $0.1 trillion.[8]  Some collective investment vehicles have the power to borrow money to make further investments, a process known as gearing or leverage.  If  markets are growing rapidly this can allow the vehicle to take advantage of the growth to a greater extent than if only the subscribed contributions were invested.  However this premise only works if the cost of the borrowing is less than the increased growth achieved.  If the borrowing costs are more than the growth achieved a net loss is achieved.  This can greatly increase the investment risk of the fund by increased volatility and exposure to increased capital risk.  Gearing was a major contributory factor in the collapse of the split capital investment trust debacle in the UK in 2002.[9][10][11]  Collective investment vehicles vary in availability depending on their intended investor base:  Some vehicles are designed to have a limited term with enforced redemption of shares or units on a specified date.  Many collective investment vehicles split the fund into multiple classes of shares or units. The underlying assets of each class are effectively pooled for the purposes of investment management, but classes typically differ in the fees and expenses paid out of the fund's assets.  These differences are supposed to reflect different costs involved in servicing investors in various classes, for example:  In some cases, by aggregating regular investments by many individuals, a retirement plan (such as a 401(k) plan) may qualify to purchase "institutional" shares (and gain the benefit of their typically lower expense ratios[citation needed]) even though no members of the plan would qualify individually.   Some of the fund classes:  One of the main advantages of collective investment is the reduction in investment risk (capital risk)  by diversification. An investment in a single equity may do well, but it may collapse for investment or other reasons (e.g., Marconi). If your money is invested in such a failed holding you could lose your capital.  By investing in a range of equities (or other securities) the capital risk is reduced.  This investment principle is often referred to as spreading risk.  Collective investments by their nature tend to invest in a range of individual securities.  However, if the securities are all in a similar type of asset class or market sector then there is a systematic risk that all the shares could be affected by adverse market changes. To avoid this systematic risk investment managers may diversify into different non-perfectly-correlated asset classes. For example, investors might hold their assets in equal parts in equities and fixed income securities.  If one investor had to buy a large number of direct investments, the amount this person would be able to invest in each holding is likely to be small. Dealing costs are normally based on the number and size of each transaction, therefore the overall dealing costs would take a large chunk out of the capital (affecting future profits).  An investor that chooses to use an investment fund as a way to invest his or her money does not need to spend as much personal time making investment decisions, doing investment research, or performing actual trades. Instead, these actions and decisions will be done by one or more fund managers managing the investment fund.  The fund manager managing the investment decisions on behalf of the investors will of course expect remuneration.  This is often taken directly from the fund assets as a fixed percentage each year or sometimes a variable (performance based) fee.  If the investor managed their own investments, this cost would be avoided.  Often the cost of advice given by a stockbroker or financial adviser is built into the vehicle.  Often referred to as commission or load (in the U.S.) this charge may be applied at the start of the plan or as an ongoing percentage of the fund value each year.  While this cost will diminish your returns it could be argued that it reflects a separate payment for an advice service rather than a detrimental feature of collective investment vehicles.  Indeed, it is often possible to purchase units or shares directly from the providers without bearing this cost.  Although the investor can choose the type of fund to invest in, they have no control over the choice of individual holdings that make up the fund.  If the investor holds shares directly, he has the right to attend the company's annual general meeting and vote on important matters. Investors in a collective investment vehicle often have none of the rights connected with individual investments within the fund.  Each fund has a defined investment goal to describe the remit of the investment manager and to help investors decide if the fund is right for them. The investment aims will typically fall into the broad categories of Income (value) investment or Growth investment. Income or value based investment tends to select stocks with strong income streams, often more established businesses. Growth investment selects stocks that tend to reinvest their income to generate growth.  Each strategy has its critics and proponents, some prefer a blend approach using aspects of each.  Funds are often distinguished by asset-based categories such as equity, bonds, property, etc.  Also, perhaps most commonly funds are divided by their geographic markets or themes.  Examples  In most instances whatever the investment aim the fund manager will select an appropriate index or combination of indices to measure its performance against, e.g. FTSE 100. This becomes the benchmark to measure success or failure against.  The aim of most funds is to make money by investing in assets to obtain a real return (i.e. better than inflation). The philosophy used to manage the fund's investment vary and two opposing views exist.  Active management—Active managers seek to outperform the market as a whole, by selectively holding securities according to an investment strategy.  Therefore, they employ dynamic portfolio strategies, buying and selling investments with changing market conditions, based on their belief that particular individual holdings or sections of the market will perform better than others.  Passive management—Passive managers stick to a portfolio strategy determined at outset of the fund and not varied thereafter, aiming to minimize the ongoing costs of maintaining the portfolio.  Many passive funds are index funds, which attempt to replicate the performance of a market index by holding securities proportionally to their value in the market as a whole.  Another example of passive management is the "buy and hold" method used by many traditional unit investment trusts where the portfolio is fixed from outset.  Additionally, some funds use a hybrid management strategy of enhanced indexing, in which the manager minimizes costs by broadly following a passive indexing strategy, but has the discretion to actively deviate from the index in the hopes of earning modestly higher returns.  An example of active management success  When analysing investment performance, statistical measures are often used to compare 'funds'.  These statistical measures are often reduced to a single figure representing an aspect of past performance:  Depending on the nature of the investment, the type of 'investment' risk will vary.  A common concern with any investment is that you may lose the money you invest—your capital.  This risk is therefore often referred to as capital risk.  If the assets you invest in are held in another currency there is a risk that currency movements alone may affect the value.  This is referred to as currency risk.  Many forms of investment may not be readily salable on the open market (e.g. commercial property) or the market has a small capacity and investments may take time to sell.  Assets that are easily sold are termed liquid therefore this type of risk is termed liquidity risk.  For an open-end fund, there may be an initial charge levied on the purchase of units or shares this covers dealing costs, and commissions paid to intermediaries or salespeople. Typically this fee is a percentage of the investment.  Some vehicles waive the initial charge and apply an exit charge instead.  This may be gradually disappearing after a number of years. Closed-end funds traded on an exchange are subject to brokerage commissions, in the same manner as a stock trade.  The vehicle will charge an annual management charge (AMC) to cover the cost of administering the vehicle and remunerating the investment manager.  This may be a flat rate based on the value of the assets or a performance related fee based on a predefined target being achieved.  Different unit/share classes may have different combinations of fees/charges.  Open-ended vehicles are either dual priced or single priced.  Dual priced vehicles have a buying (offer) price and selling or (bid) price. The buying price is higher than the selling price, this difference is known as the spread or bid–offer spread.  The difference is typically 5% and may be varied by the vehicle's manager to reflect changes in the market, the amount of variation may be limited by the vehicles rules or regulatory rules.  The difference between the buying and selling price includes initial charge for entering the fund.  The internal workings of a fund are more complicated than this description suggests.  The manager sets a price for creation of units/shares and for cancellation. There is a differential between the cancellation and bid prices, and the creation and offer prices. The additional units are created are place in the managers box for future purchasers.  When heavy selling occurs units are liquidated from the managers box to protect the existing investors from the increased dealing costs.  Adjusting the bid/offer prices closer to the cancellation/creation prices allows the manager to protect the interest of the existing investors in changing market conditions. Most unit trusts are dual priced.  Single priced vehicles notionally have a single price for units/shares and this price is the same if buying or selling.  As single prices vehicle cannot adjust the difference between the buying and selling price to adjust for market conditions, another mechanism, the dilution levy exists.  SICAVs, OEICs and U.S. mutual funds are single priced.  A dilution levy can be charged at the discretion of the fund manager, to offset the cost of market transactions resulting from large un-matched buy or sell orders. For example, if the volume of purchases outweigh the volume of sales in a particular trading period the fund manager will have to go to the market to buy more of the assets underlying the fund, incurring a brokerage fee in the process and having an adverse effect on the fund as a whole ("diluting" the fund). The same is the case with large sell orders. A dilution levy is therefore applied where appropriate and paid for by the investor in order that large single transactions do not reduce the value of the fund as a whole.  Investment funds are regulated by the Investment Company Act of 1940, which broadly describes three major types: open-end funds, closed-end funds, and unit investment trusts.[12]  Open-end funds called mutual funds and ETFs are common. As of 2019, the top 5 asset managers accounted for 55% of the 19.3 trillion in mutual fund and ETF investments.[13] However, for active management, the top 5 account for 22% of the market, with the top 10 accounting for 30% and the top 25 accounting for 39%.[13] BlackRock and Vanguard are the top two when including passive investments.[13]  The top 5 active management funds in 2018 were Capital Group Companies (using American Funds brand), Fidelity Investments, Vanguard, T. Rowe Price, and Dimensional Fund Advisors, in 2008, the list included PIMCO and Franklin Templeton.[13]  Closed-end funds are less common, with around $277 billion in assets under management as of 2019, including about $107 billion in equities and $170 billion in bonds,[14] market leaders include Nuveen and BlackRock.[15]  Unit investment trusts are the least common, with about $6.5 billion in assets as of 2019.[16]  Both funds are run by Investment Company (KUA - kompania z upravlinnya actyvami). Funds and companies regulated and supervised by DKTsPFR (Securities and stock market state commission)  We could say that a mutual fund is a pool of money which belongs to many investors. Otherwise a M/F is the common cashier of many investors who trust a third party to operate and manage their wealth. Moreover, they order this third party which in Greece is called A.E.D.A.K. (Mutual Fund Management Company S.A.) to spread their money in many different investment products such as shares, bonds, deposits, repo etc. Those companies in Greece may provide services according to article 4 of Law 3283/2004. People who own units (shares) of a mutual fund are called unitholders. In Greece co-unitholders, which are persons participating in the same units of M/F have exactly the same rights as the unitholder (according to the Law for the deposits in common account 5638/1932). The unitholders have to sign and accept the document which describes the purpose of the Mutual Fund, how it operates, and anything concerning the Fund. This document is the regulation of the M/F. The property of each M/F by law have to be under the control of a bank legally operating in Greece (Greek or foreign). The bank is the custodian of the M/F and except of the custody of the fund also controls the lawfulness of all movements of the management company. The Supervisory and Regulatory Body of M.F. Management Companies and Portfolio Investment Companies is the Greek Capital Market Commission. It comes under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of National Economy and controls the operation of all M/Fs available in Greece. All investors have to be very careful and about the risk they undertake. They have to have in mind that all investments have a certain degree of risk. Risk–free investments does not exist.  Credit unions Insurance companies Investment banks Investment funds Pension funds Prime brokers Trusts Finance Financial market Participants Corporate finance Personal finance Public finance Banks and banking Financial regulation Fund governance Stock Market hire professional investment managers, who may offer better returns and more adequate risk management, benefit from economies of scale, i.e., lower transaction costs, increase the asset diversification to reduce some unsystematic risk. Credit unions Insurance companies Investment banks Investment funds Pension funds Prime brokers Trusts Finance Financial market Participants Corporate finance Personal finance Public finance Banks and banking Financial regulation Fund governance Stock Market A fund manager or investment manager who manages the investment decisions. A fund administrator who manages the trading, reconciliations, valuation and unit pricing. A board of directors or trustees who safeguard the assets and ensure compliance with laws, regulations and rules. The shareholders or unitholders who own (or have rights to) the assets and associated income. A "marketing" or "distribution" company to promote and sell shares/units of the fund. Public-availability vehicles—are available to most investors within the jurisdiction they are offered.  Some restrictions on age and size of investment may be imposed.[citation needed] Limited-availability vehicles—are limited by laws, regulations, and/or rules to experienced and/or sophisticated investors and often have high minimum investment requirements. Private-availability vehicles—may be limited to family members or whomever set up the fund.  They are not publicly traded and may be arranged for tax- or estate-planning purposes. One class may be sold through a stockbroker or financial adviser with an initial commission (front-end load), such a class might be called retail shares. Another class may be sold with no commission (load) direct to the public, such a class is called direct shares. Still a third class might have a high minimum investment limit and only be open to financial institutions, such a class is called institutional shares. Class A Class B Class C Class D Class E Class W Class Z The more diversified your capital, the lower the capital risk. The largest markets—U.S., Japan, Europe, UK and Far East are often divided into smaller funds e.g. US large caps, Japanese smaller companies, European Growth, UK mid caps etc. Themed funds—Technology, Healthcare, Socially responsible funds. In 1998 Richard Branson (head of Virgin) publicly bet Nicola Horlick (head of SG Asset Management) that her SG UK Growth fund would not beat the FTSE 100 index, nor his Virgin Index Tracker fund over three years, nor achieve its stated aim to beat the index by 2% each year.  He lost and paid £6,000 to charity. Alpha represents the fund's return when the benchmark's return is 0.  This shows the fund's performance relative to the benchmark and can demonstrate the value added by the fund manager.  The higher the 'alpha' the better the manager.  Alpha investment strategies tend to favour stock selection methods to achieve growth. Beta represents an estimate of how much the fund will move if its benchmark moves by 1 unit.  This shows the fund's sensitivity to changes in the market.  Beta investment strategies tend to favour asset allocation models to achieve outperformance. R-squared is a measure of the association between a fund and its benchmark. Values are between 0 and 1.  Perfect correlation is indicated by 1, and 0 indicates no correlation.  This measure is useful in determining if the fund manager is adding value in their investment choices or acting as a closet tracker mirroring the market and making little difference. For example, an index fund will have an R-squared with its benchmark index very close to 1, indicating close to perfect correlation (the index fund's fees and tracking error prevent the correlation from ever equalling 1). Standard deviation is a measure of volatility of the fund's performance over a period of time.  The higher the figure the greater the variability of the fund's performance.  High historical volatility may indicate high future volatility, and therefore increased investment risk in a fund. Exchange-traded funds (ETFs)—an open-end fund traded by listed shares on major stock exchanges. Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)—a close-ended fund that invests in real estate. Sovereign investment funds Exchange-traded funds (ETFs)—Open-ended with a corporate structure. Investment Trusts—Introduced 1868. Closed-ended with corporate structure. Tax transparent funds—Introduced 2013. Open-ended investment companies (OEICs or ICVCs)—Introduced 1997. Open-ended with a corporate structure. Unit Trusts—Introduced 1931. Open-ended with a trust structure. Unitised Insurance Funds—Introduced 1970s. Open-ended with a life policy structure. With-profits policy—Open-ended with a life policy structure. Non mainstream pooled investment funds - introduced in 2014. Closed-ended or open-ended. Income Trusts Labour Sponsored Funds Mutual funds Common contractual fund ("CCF") Irish Collective Asset-Management Vehicle (commonly referred to as an "ICAV")[17] Qualifying investor alternative investment fund (QIAIF) Retail Investor Alternative Investment Fund Loan Originating Alternative Investment Fund (L-QIAIF) SICAVs UCITS FCP (Fonds commun de placement) (unincorporated investment fund or common fund) SICAF (Société d'investissement à capital fixe) (Investment company with fixed capital) SICAV (Société d'investissement à capital variable) (Investment company with variable capital) BEVAK (Investment company with fixed capital) BEVEK (Investment Company with variable capital) PRIVAK (Closed-end investment company) Instytut spilnogo investuvannya, ISI (Investment Funds) Private investment fund (Payovyi investytsiyny fond) Public investment fund (Korporatyvny investytsiyny fund) open-ended Anlagefonds (unincorporated investment fund or common fund) SICAV (Société d'investissement à capital variable) (Investment company with variable capital) Anlagefonds (unincorporated investment fund or common fund) SICAV (Société d'investissement à capital variable) (Investment company with variable capital) closed-ended Kommanditgesellschaft für Kapitalanlagen (Limited Partnership) Société d'investissement à capital fixe|SICAF (Société d'investissement à capital fixe) (Investment company with fixed capital) Kommanditgesellschaft für Kapitalanlagen (Limited Partnership) Société d'investissement à capital fixe|SICAF (Société d'investissement à capital fixe) (Investment company with fixed capital) Listed investment company or LIC.  Closed-ended collective investment either corporate or trust based. Available since 1928. Managed Investment Vehicle per s 9 of the Corporations Act (Cth) 2001. Unit trusts open-ended trust based investments often called Managed funds, managed investment vehicles. or unlisted managed funds. If the managed investment vehicle is open for retail investors, the managed investment vehicle must be registered with ASIC. An unregistered vehicle has a Trustee whilst a registered vehicle has a Responsible Entity. Segregated portfolio company, a corporate entity for holding various investments under a single legal entity. Closed-end fund Collective trust fund Common fund Fund derivative Fund governance Global assets under management Independent financial adviser Investment management Mutual fund Offshore investment Open-end fund Separately managed account Specialized investment fund Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities Directive 2009"
Chicago stepping;" Chicago-Style Stepping (also known as Steppin') is an urban dance that originated in Chicago and continues to evolve nationwide and overseas, while defining its unique style and culture. within urban community. "Chicago-Style Stepping" makes reference to other urban styles of dance found throughout the United States in urban enclaves such as Detroit, Cleveland, Baltimore and Washington, D.C.[example  needed]  The partner dances that began in Chicago during the big band era came from the east coast Swing dances the Jitter Bug and the Lindy Hop. The Bop emerged in the late 50's and 1960's when dancing at clubs and ballrooms flourished in the City. The Bop was directly influenced by the music of Chess Records and Motown Records. The basic pattern of the Chicago Bop was like most 6 count Swing dances. The Chicago Bop Style was similar to the "Philly Bop" as seen on the American Bandstand television show. The youth of the late 60's in the high schools of Chicago began changing the movement of the partner dance from a circular rotation to a straight line featuring a north and south pattern. During the 60's Chicagoans did not refer to the partner dance as bopping or stepping instead people simply said they were "dancing" however all dancers of that era acknowledged the Chicago Bop as the original dance. The basic characteristics of the Chicago Bop was smooth, cool, less acrobatic and done with one hand.  In 1971 with the release of the JB's song entitled "Gimmie Some More" the younger generation of dancers created another variation of the partner which was called "The New Bop". The NEW BOP is the foundation of what is known as Stepping Today. With music fueled by the JB's, the youth from the streets of Chicago changed the pattern of the partner dance from one hand to 2 hands and the body motion from front to back to side to side.  Years later, in 1974 a DJ/Prompter by the name of Sam Chatman saw a couple dancing and when the two separated Sam announced during the party "it looks like they are "Stepping" and the name Stepping became popular for the partner dance.  The term Chicago "Bop" was used to describe the dance form by Chicagoans until the early 1970s. Prior to that time "Bop" was a universally known term with its origin beginning sometime between 1945 & 1950 to express music and dance. The dance known as Chicago Stepping' evolved from the New Bop and is more likely a derivative of several east coast swing dances. No published syllabuses exist for the dance.[1] Chicago-Style Stepping is an exclusive local dance and gained a foothold on radio in 1989 when a local radio station, WVAZ (102.7 FM) began playing music on Saturday Night. Prior to commercial radio expressing interest in "Steppers" music a college radio station WKKC FM 89.3 in 1975 began programming with Steppers Music.    Steppin in Chicago goes back to the late 1940s early 1950s, originally called Bopping  it evolved with soul music as the street corner harmony soul songs did with musical bands. Stepping remained popular throughout, even as Hip Hop and Rap music came along it remained mainstream in the urban dance scene. ( Also there's the only Mainstream Steppin TV show in the World ! " Step On IT " urban ballroom show signed to icon rapper ' Skee Lo 's Music Mogul label/Sony for global distribution, Aires on IFAME TV via Roku/Apple TV.)  Artist such as Grover Washington Jr., Michael Jackson, Earth, Wind and Fire, Average White Band and especially James Brown (J.B.'s Mono-rail) all had hot stepping tunes aside from many others  R. Kelly's songs that featured Steppin' or Stepping helped move the dance into national mainstream culture.  Chicago Stepping is a slotted dance. The follower is typically kept traveling up and down the slot. Two action two one count cycle is the structure. Patterns like "roll out and rollback" describe the action on the slot or lane. The lane belongs to the follower and the leaders travel on, off and around the slot or lane.  Steppin' has a 6 or 8 count basic pattern. Its tempo ranges 70 to 100 bpm. Its basic rhythm pattern consists of a double and two syncopated triples. The patterns start traditionally on the downbeat of one. The leader's footwork is started on their Left and finished on their Right. The follower's dance is naturally opposite. The dance bears similar characteristics to New York Hustle and West Coast Swing.  Footwork (Chicago) Step dance"
Eleftherios Konsolas;"   Eleftherios Konsolas (born 17 December 1988) is a Greek rower.[1] He participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London where he competed in the Men's lightweight double sculls event together with his teammate Panagiotis Magdanis.[2] They qualified for the B finals, where they reached a second place, finishing in 8th place overall.[3]  Konsolas and Magdanis won the silver in the lightweight double sculls at the 2011 European Championships.[4]  In 2012, the team of Konsolas, Nikolaos Afentoulis, Georgios Konsolas and Panagiotis Magdanis won silver in the men's lightweight quadruple sculls at the 2012 World Championship.[5]  Konsolas was part of the Greek team that won the lightweight quadruple sculls at the 2013 and 2014 World Championships.[6][7]  On both occasions, the team consisted of Konsolas, Georgios Konsolas, Spyridon Giannaros and Panagiotis Magdanis.  In 2014, the team set a world record in the event.[7]  Konsolas won bronze at the 2016 and 2017 World Championships in the men's lightweight quadruple sculls.  The 2016 team was the same as the world championship winning team.[8]  In 2017 rowed with Nikos Nikolaidis, Panagiotis Magdanis and Spyridon Giannaros.[9]  This biographical article relating to Greek rowing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Sofular, Yenice;"   Sofular is a village in the Yenice district of Çanakkale Province in Turkey.[1]  This geographical article about a location in Çanakkale Province, Turkey is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Hoboken, Antwerp;"   Hoboken (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈɦo.bo.kə(n)]) is a southern district of the arrondissement and city of Antwerp, in the Flemish Region of Belgium. It is located at the Scheldt river. The name of the district has its origins in Middle Dutch.  The name Hoboken is derived from Medieval Dutch Hooghe Buechen or Hoge Beuken, meaning High or Tall Beeches. To this day there is a hospital in Hoboken named "Hoge Beuken".[2][3]  A local children's story says that the name "Hoboken" is derived from a little boy who accidentally dropped his sandwich in the Schelde river, which flows near Hoboken. In the local dialect of Dutch, a "boke" is a sandwich and "ho" is a way of shouting "stop", so he must have shouted "Ho, boken!!!".[4][5]  The first historical records of Hoboken date from the 1135 parish of capellam de hobuechen qua libam. At that time Hoboken was part of Wilrijk, in the Duchy of Brabant. It has since then evolved from a small village to an industrialized district of Antwerp.[7]  From the 13th to the 15th century the fiefdom of Hoboken was the property of the Lords of the lands of Rumst: Perwijs, Counts of Vianden, Count of Flanders, House of Luxembourg and House of Orange-Nassau. In 1559 William of Orange sold the lands of Rumst and Hoboken to Melchior Schetz (the new Lord of Hoboken).[8]  In 1579 the city of Antwerp joined the Union of Utrecht and became the capital of the Dutch Revolt. In 1585, Alessandro Farnese, Duke of Parma and Piacenza, captured Antwerp after a long siege. During the siege of Antwerp, Hoboken was partly flooded and was raided by enemy soldiers. As part of the terms of surrender of Antwerp, its Protestant citizens were given four years to settle their affairs before quitting the city.[9] Most settlers went to the Republic of the Seven United Netherlands (the unoccupied part of the Union of Utrecht) in the north, starting the Dutch Golden Age. Antwerp's banking was controlled for a generation by Genoa, and Amsterdam became the new trading centre of the region—the population of Amsterdam went from 30.000 in 1570 to 60.000 in 1600 and the Amsterdam Canal District was constructed to accommodate the traders and bankers from Antwerp (including much of its Jewish population).[10]  Many of the early American settlers were refugees from Antwerp and the Southern Netherlands. The first settlers in New York were Belgians (Flemish Dutch and Walloons), they came to New York in 1623 (Michael Pauw, from Ghent and Peter Minuit from Tournai) and founded settlements at Wallabout, Long Island, Staten Island, Hoboken and Pavonia. A consul of the "Low Countries" in London Emanuel van Meteren, born in Antwerp, induced Henry Hudson to go meet with the famed cartographer Petrus Plancius (from Ypres) in Amsterdam and to support the search for a northeastern passage to India.[11][12] Willem Usselincx, the founding father of the Dutch West India Company and the settlement of New Sweden was also a merchant from Antwerp.[13]  In 1617 the descendants of Lord Schetz (of Hoboken) were called baron and were from then on to be known as the House of Ursel, in 1683 they carried the title of count and in 1717 duke d' Ursel.  A turning point in the history of Hoboken was the construction of the Cockerill shipyard in 1873.  During World War I, Antwerp became the fallback point of the Belgian Army after the defeat at the Battle of Liège. The Siege of Antwerp lasted for 11 days, the city was taken by the German Army after heavy fighting, and the Belgians were forced to retreat westwards. Fort 8, one of the forts defending Antwerp located in the south of Hoboken, was of not much use during WWI, it was built in 1864 and was terribly outdated.[14] Antwerp remained under German control until the Armistice of 11 November 1918.  On 1 January 1983, Hoboken became a district of the city of Antwerp.  Hoboken boasts an annual 5K beer server race. The tradition started, according to legend, in 1777, with the proclamation of the United States of Belgium (Dutch: Verenigde Nederlandse Staten or Verenigde Belgische Staten, French: États-Belgiques-Unis). The race is held annually on the first Sunday of November and is often amalgamated by the All Hallows' Day celebration.  The main neighbourhoods in Hoboken are:  East of railway line 52  West of railway line 52  Hoboken-centre Hertog van Brabantwijk Vogeltjeswijk Zwaantjes Moretusburg Hertogvelden Polderstad"
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 306;"     This is a list of cases reported in volume 306 of United States Reports, decided by the Supreme Court of the United States in 1939.  The Supreme Court is established by Article III, Section 1 of the Constitution of the United States, which says: "The judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one supreme Court . . .". The size of the Court is not specified, the Constitution leaves it to Congress to set the number of justices. Under the Judiciary Act of 1789 Congress originally fixed the number of justices at six (one chief justice and five associate justices).[1] Since 1789 Congress has varied the size of the Court from six to seven, nine, ten, and back to nine justices (always including one chief justice).  When the cases in volume 306 were decided the Court comprised the following members (Justice Brandeis retired in the midst of the cases reported in volume 306):  Under the Judiciary Act of 1789 the federal court structure at the time comprised District Courts, which had general trial jurisdiction, Circuit Courts, which had mixed trial and appellate (from the US District Courts) jurisdiction, and the United States Supreme Court, which had appellate jurisdiction over the federal District and Circuit courts—and for certain issues over state courts. The Supreme Court also had limited original jurisdiction (i.e., in which cases could be filed directly with the Supreme Court without first having been heard by a lower federal or state court). There were one or more federal District Courts and/or Circuit Courts in each state, territory, or other geographical region.    The Judiciary Act of 1891 created the United States Courts of Appeals and reassigned the jurisdiction of most routine appeals from the district and circuit courts to these appellate courts. The Act created nine new courts that were originally known as the "United States Circuit Courts of Appeals." The new courts had jurisdiction over most appeals of lower court decisions. The Supreme Court could review either legal issues that a court of appeals certified or decisions of court of appeals by writ of certiorari. On January 1, 1912, the effective date of the Judicial Code of 1911, the old Circuit Courts were abolished, with their remaining trial court jurisdiction transferred to the U.S. District Courts.  History Procedures Nomination and confirmation Judiciary Committee review Judiciary Committee review Demographics Ideological leanings of justices Lists of decisions Supreme Court building John Roberts Clarence Thomas Samuel Alito Sonia Sotomayor Elena Kagan Neil Gorsuch Brett Kavanaugh Amy Coney Barrett Ketanji Brown Jackson Sandra Day O'Connor Anthony Kennedy David Souter Stephen Breyer List of all justices by court by time in office by seat by education by court by time in office by seat by education List of chief justices List of associate justices Confirmation votes Clerks Reporter of Decisions Marshal of the Court Supreme Court Police Other countries Law Portal v t e Articles Amendments History Judicial review Separation of powers Individual rights Rule of law Federalism Republicanism Equal footing Strict scrutiny Legislative branch Executive branch Judicial branch State government Local government Freedom of religion Freedom of speech Freedom of the press Freedom of assembly Right to petition Freedom of association Right to keep and bear arms Right to trial by jury Criminal procedural rights Right to privacy Freedom from slavery Due process Equal protection Citizenship Voting rights Comprehensible rules Living Constitution Originalism Political process theory Purposivism Textualism Strict constructionism Common good constitutionalism v t e"
Pondatti Sonna Kettukanum;"   Pondatti Sonna Kettukanum (transl. Obey your wife) is a 1991 Indian Tamil-language comedy drama film written and directed by V. Sekhar. The film was produced by K. Parthiban, Vetriyur K. Sethu and A. Rajendran under Jayalakshmi Art Creations. The film stars Bhanupriya, Chandrasekhar with Goundamani, Senthil, Charle and Chinni Jayanth portraying supporting roles.  The film's cinematography and editing was handled by G. Rajendran and A. P. Manivannan. The film's soundtrack was composed by Chandrabose.  The film revolves around three wives who decided to teach lesson to their chauvinist husbands.  Soundtrack was composed by Chandrabose and lyrics were written by Vaali and Muthulingam.  C. R. K. of Kalki gave a mixed review for the film citing that film which promised to revolve around a revolutionary woman but breaks anticipation around it and the film wanders around aimlessly. He also noted that Bhanupriya and Chandrasekhar were wasted but appreciated Goundamani's performance.[2]  Bhanupriya as Indira Chandrasekhar as Indira's Husband Goundamani as Dharmalingam Senthil as Villager Manorama as Dharmalingam's Wife Charle Kumarimuthu Chinni Jayanth Kovai Sarala as Thangam Devishree as Girija Thideer Kannaiah  as Police officer Vetri Meera Vetri Vigneshwar MLA Thangaraj as Police officer Pondatti Sonna - Mano, Chithra, Deepan Chakravarthy, Lalitha Sagari Chinna Chinna Varigal - S. P. Balasubramaniam Jolluthan Jolluthan - S. P. Balasubramaniam, Chithra Vandhale - S. Janaki, Vani Jayaram, P. Susheela Naanthaan Di - S. P. Shailaja"
Szajnocha;" Szajnocha is a Polish-language family name. It is a Polonized form of the ancestors' surname (Scheinoha), first used by Karol Szajnocha. The surname may refer to:  Karol Szajnocha (1818-1868), Polish writer, historian, and independence activist Władysław Szajnocha (1857-1928), Polish geologist, and paleontologist"
Daniel Roth (writer);" Daniel Roth (born 1973) is the Editor in Chief and Vice President at LinkedIn.[1][2][3] After working as a writer and editor magazines like Forbes, Fortune, Wired and Conde Nast Portfolio, Roth joined LinkedIn in 2011 to start its editorial operations.[4]  He got his start at The Triangle Business Journal in Raleigh, N.C. in 1995.[5]  In 1996 he moved to Forbes in New York where he worked on the Forbes 400, and fact-checked stories.[4]  In 1998 he moved to Fortune where he switched between writing and editing (serving as tech editor from 2001-2003) while at the international business biweekly.[4]  One of the few journalists to have interviewed Bill Gates and Warren Buffett[6] —at the same time, hung out with Phil Knight[6] and had him run through his time creating Nike as he prepared to step down, traveled cross country with Donald Trump as he searched for the perfect moldings for his Mar-A-Lago ball room.[7] Spent week working for companies as part of the 100 Best Companies to Work for issue (sold gift wrap at the Container Store, delivered packages at FedEx, worked the door at the Four Seasons).[8]  In 2006, Roth joined Conde Nast to help launch Conde Nast Portfolio, the now shuttered business monthly. He was the first writer hired for what would become Condé Nast Portfolio,[2][9] a business monthly launched in Spring '07. Wrote major features ranging from the Barry Sternlicht[10] (founder of Starwood Hotels) and his plans to launch a new hotel empire to Steve Feinberg[11] (founder of Cerberus) and how he planned to turnaround or teardown Chrysler. One of the few journalists to have done extensive interviews with Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum[12] (at his horse track in Dubai).  In 2007 he moved to Wired magazine a year later, becoming a senior writer there where he wrote about technology and business, including major profiles of Better Place's Shai Agassi, Netflix's Reed Hastings, Demand Media and others.[2][13] Some of his articles have been technology-related (iPhone, Comcast's Broadband offerings, Electric Cars) and others have been more eclectic (Financial Recovery, Society and Human/non-Human Rights, Henry Blodget: version 2).[14]  In 2010 he returned to Fortune as managing editor, with the mission of "revitalizing" the magazine's Web site.[15] He was hired to plan and rebuild Fortune.com, which had been shuttered.[16] Staffed up team of writers, editors, bloggers, a designer and product manager. Produced at least 25 stories a day, plus videos, interactive graphics and more—up from about two stories a day in its previous incarnation. Boosted traffic and engagement through story selection, social media, went after new verticals, and rethought what readers want from Fortune online. Oversaw all of Fortune's digital initiatives, including Fortune.com, apps, social, mobile and more.[9]  In 2011 he joined LinkedIn where he is the Editor in Chief and VP of LinkedIn, based out of LinkedIn's NYC offices in the Empire State Building.[17] He was hired to help lead its move to a content site, he now leads a newsroom with over 65 editors that help "curate, cultivate and create"[18] professionally relevant articles, posts, videos and voices for the social network In his role, Roth oversees a team of 65+ editors across the globe – from Amsterdam to Sydney – who handle curation of breaking news and views on LinkedIn, creation of original articles and videos,[19] and the cultivation of new and top contributors across the site. Over the years, he helped build and launch the Influencer program,[16] the 12-country-spanning, 7-language Daily Rundown,[20] the This is Working series and podcast – and other areas of original and curated articles and insights. Business Insider once dubbed him the "most powerful business journalist on the Internet." He’s spoken to guests such as Sir Richard Branson, Brene Brown, Sarah Blakely and Mark Cuban.[21]   In 2020, the editorial team was renamed the LinkedIn News team.[22] Business Insider once called him the "most powerful business journalist on the Internet".[23][22]  Roth, originally from Louisville, KY,[24] graduated from Northwestern University's Medill School of Journalism in 1995.[25][26] He is married and lives in Brooklyn with his wife and three sons. "
National Library of Mozambique;" The National Library of Mozambique (Biblioteca Nacional de Moçambique) is located in Maputo, Mozambique.[1] It is located in a structure which formerly housed the Office of Finance of the Colony of Mozambique. It was designed by the architect Mario Veiga in 1904, and is located on 25 de Setembro Avenue.  The organizational structure of the National Library of Mozambique was created by Diploma Ministerial of the Mozambican Ministry of Culture no. 103/92 of July 22. It established four units for the National Library, namely:  Coordinates: 25°58′25″S 32°34′23″E﻿ / ﻿25.9736°S 32.5731°E﻿ / -25.9736, 32.5731  The Directorate, which is responsible for the overall management of the library, Department of Technology and Training, which performs the technical processing of all materials received by the National Library, consults on the functioning of the reading rooms and depositary, ensures general reference service and bibliographic information, and implements institutional training. Department of Preservation and Conservation, which is responsible for the conservation, restoration, and binding of materials of the National Library. Division of Administration and Finance, which manages the basic administration, finance, and human resources, and public relations for the National Library. It also coordinates the National Public Libraries System of Mozambique (Sistema Nacional de Bibliotecas Públicas).[2] Arquivo Histórico de Moçambique (national archives) List of national libraries"
Meymand (disambiguation);" Meymand is a city in Fars Province, Iran.  Meymand (Persian: ميمند) may also refer to:  Meymand, Ardabil Meymand, Hormozgan Meymand, Kerman Meymand, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Meymand, Razavi Khorasan Meymand Rural District, in Kerman Province Meymand, Ghazni in Ghazni Province"
Vicki Peterson;"   Victoria Anne Theresa Peterson Cowsill (born January 11, 1958) is an American rock musician and songwriter. She has been the lead guitarist for the Bangles since their foundation in 1981. After their first disbandment in 1989, she has returned to the band for all subsequent reunions. In intervening years, she has performed with other artists, most extensively with the Continental Drifters.  Peterson described herself as a solo artist in her early years – "I was a kid who brought her guitar to every sleep-over and summer afternoon in the park to play her newest creation to anyone who would listen…"[1] In high school she formed a band that went through various incarnations as Crista Galli, Aishi, the Muze, the Fans, and Those Girls from 1976 to 1980.[2]  In 1981, she founded the Bangs, later renamed the Bangles, with her sister Debbi Peterson, and Susanna Hoffs.  After the Bangles disbanded in 1989, Peterson played with the Continental Drifters and the Psycho Sisters, in both cases alongside Susan Cowsill. In addition to performing their own material, the Psycho Sisters freelanced as backing singers (Steve Wynn's Fluorescent, Giant Sand's Center of the Universe), and Peterson has also contributed harmony vocals to recordings by the Hoodoo Gurus, John Doe, Tom Petty and Belinda Carlisle. Additionally, she filled in for a pregnant Charlotte Caffey on the 1994–95 Go-Go's reunion tour. In 1999 the Bangles reformed and have recorded and played sporadically since.  Peterson married musician John Cowsill, brother of her Continental Drifters and Psycho Sisters bandmate Susan Cowsill, on October 25, 2003.[3] An earlier relationship had ended when her fiancé Bobby Donati died of leukemia in 1991.[4]  In August 2014, after playing together as the Psycho Sisters for more than 20 years, Peterson and Susan Cowsill released their first album, entitled Up on the Chair, Beatrice.[5][6]  In 2017, she and John Cowsill joined with Bill Mumy as the band Action Skulls to release an album (also including posthumous contributions from the bassist Rick Rosas) entitled "Angels Hear".[7]  Musician songwriter producer"
Commemorative Cross of the 1916–1918 War;" The Commemorative Cross of the 1916–1918 War (Romanian: Medalia Crucea Comemorativă a războiului 1916-1918) is a Romanian First World War campaign medal established on 8 July 1918 by Royal Decree.[1] The Decree was amended four times, in 1919,[2] 1920,[3] 1927[4] and 1939.[5]  To qualify for the Commemorative Cross, recipients, civilians or military personnel of any rank, had to be mobilised for war service on any campaign between 1916 and 1918.[1] This was later extended to 1919, thus being included the combatants from the Hungarian–Romanian War as well.[2][6][7]  It was awarded for a lifetime, but it could have been lost if the recipient would have lost his Romanian citizenship, or would have suffered a penal sentence.[1]  While initially the medal was to be used only by the recipient, in 1939 King Carol II of Romania authorised, for superior ranks only, the inheritance of the medal by the eldest son or older brother of the deceased recipient, who would become an active army officer. The inherited medal would receive a new clasp, inscribed Tradiție (tradition), and would have to be confirmed by royal decree[5]  The dark iron cross has a diameter of 40 mm. Each rhombic arm measures 10 mm on the exterior and 7 mm on the interior. In the center of the cross, there is a 13 mm circle. The external borders of the cross and the circle have 1.3 mm. Inside the circle, on the obverse, there is the royal cypher of King Ferdinand I of Romania (two Fs facing away with a royal crown on top), while on the reverse there is inscribed 1916|1918 on the early models and 1916|1919 on later models, in two rows.  The 30 mm ribbon alternates four equal bars of dark blue with three equal bars of green.  Seventeen clasps were approved for the medal: eleven in the original Decree from 1918, three in 1919, one in 1920, one in 1927 and one in 1939. These clasps consist of small metal bars into which the name of the relevant campaign or theatre of operations was moulded (except for the last one). The clasps were then attached transversally to the medal's suspension bar.  The medal was displayed on official occasions and ceremonies on the left breast of the jacket. On other occasions, it was customary to display only the ribbon bar, pinned on the left buttonhole. In the hierarchy of the Romanian military and civil awards and decorations from the mid 1930s, the Commemorative Cross held the very low 32nd place. The customary hierarchy of the military decorations was (not including those from the Independence War):[8]  Ardeal Cerna Jiul - actually Jiu on existing clasps Carpați Oituz București Turtucaia Dobrogea [ro] Mărăști Mărășești Târgu-Ocna[1] Dunărea 1918 1919[2] Siberia[3] Italia[4] Tradiție[5] Order of Michael the Brave The Military Virtue The Aeronautical Virtue The Cross of Queen Marie The Sanitary Merit Cross Valour and Faith with swords The Country's Momentum The Commemorative Cross 1916-1918 Victory Medal Victory Medal (Romania)"
List of programmes broadcast by Media Nusantara Citra;"   Below is the list of programmes being broadcast by RCTI,[1] MNCTV,[2] Global TV,[3] MNC Entertainment, MNC News, MNC Music Channel and also MNC The Indonesian Channel.  MNC News Morning  - an Indonesian news programme broadcast by MNC News MNC News Tonight  - an Indonesian news programme broadcast by MNC News MNC News Prime  - an Indonesian news programme broadcast by MNC News MNC News Now  - an Indonesian news programme broadcast by MNC News Sport Today  - a sport news programme broadcast by MNC Sports MNC Today - a news programme broadcast by MNC News in English language, for 30 minutes World Headlines  - an international news programme broadcast by MNC News Celebrity Stories E-List On Location Selebriti & Asmara Serba 10 VOA Pop News Bintang Cerita SMA Diva Do Bee Do Idol Hi Five Jelita Kalo Cinta Jangan Belagu Kasih Munajah Cinta Pernikahan Dini Safira Si Eneng Si Entong Alisa Lia Rafika Sekar Ronaldowati Babak 2 Ucup Santri Benang Merah Di Antara Kita Jendela Lintas Batas Mata Angin Sekitar Kita Oseng - Oseng Santapan Nusantara Selebriti Masak? Aksi Anak Bangsa  Dangdut Mania Dadakan Hits Idola Cilik Indonesian Idol Kontes Dangdut Indonesia Musik Dahsyat Assalamu'alaikum Ustadz Bengkel Hati Bimbingan Rohani Cermin Hati Curcol Al-Habsyi Duet Tausyiah Gang Senggol Hikmah Fajar Majelis Al-Zikra Majelis Sakinah Nikmatnya Sedekah Penyegerakan Rohani Sinaran Hati Sireman Qolbu Talbigh Akbar Wisata Ziarah Abdel & Temon Check In Check Out Pasar Modal X-Tra Heboh Crayon Shincan Doraemon Eyeshield 21 Kochikame Tom and Jerry Upin & Ipin ASEAN Football Championship Bundesliga Formula One Indonesia Super League La Liga UEFA Champions League  Idol Hi Five Kacau Miss Indonesia Satu Lawan Banyak Bagi - Bagi Modal Grebek Pasar MNCTV It's Showtime Indonesia Mendadak Artis PHK Bukan Kiamat Bedah Rumah Dia Hebat The Dream Girls Let's Dance Pantang Ngemis Uang Kaget Deal Or No Deal Indonesia Hole in The Wall The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron Avatar: The Legend of Aang The Backyardigans Blue's Clues ChalkZone Dora the Explorer The Fairly OddParents Go Diego Go My Life as a Teenage Robot SpongeBob SquarePants Wonder Pets"
Spinulata rille;"   Spinulata rille is a moth in the family Cossidae. It is found in Brazil.[1]    This article relating to the superfamily Cossoidea is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Cossula rille Dyar & Schaus, 1937"
Organisation of African Unity;"   The Organisation of African Unity (OAU, French: Organisation de l'unité africaine, OUA) was an intergovernmental organization established on 25 May 1963 in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, with 32 signatory governments.[1] One of the main heads for OAU's establishment was Kwame Nkrumah of Ghana. It was disbanded on 9 July 2002 by its last chairman, South African President Thabo Mbeki, and replaced by the African Union (AU). Some of the key aims of the OAU were to encourage political and economic integration among member states, and to eradicate colonialism and neo-colonialism from the African continent.[2]  The absence of an armed force like that of the United Nations left the organization with no means to enforce its decisions.  It was also not willing to become involved in the internal affairs of member nations prompting some critics to claim the OAU as a forum for rhetoric, not action. Recognizing this, the OAU in September 1999 issued the Declaration, calling for a new body to take its place.  On 9 July 2002, this happened with the creation of the African Union. The African Union continues to this day to uphold many of the founding principles of the OAU.[3]  The OAU was founded in May 1963[4] in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, by 32 African states with the main aim of bringing the African nations together and resolve the issues within the continent.[4] Its first ever conference was held on 1 May 1963[5] in Addis Ababa.[5][4] At that conference, the late Gambian historian—and one of the leading Gambian nationalists and Pan-Africanists at the time—Alieu Ebrima Cham Joof delivered a speech in front of the member states, in which he said:[5]  The OAU had the following primary aims:  A Liberation Committee was established to aid independence movements and look after the interests of already-independent states. The OAU also aimed to stay neutral in terms of global politics, which would prevent them from being controlled once more by outside forces – an especial danger with the Cold War.  The OAU had other aims, too:  Soon after achieving independence, a number of African states expressed a growing desire for more unity within the continent. Not everyone was agreed on how this unity could be achieved, however, and two opinionated groups emerged in this respect:  Some of the initial discussions took place at Sanniquellie, Liberia. The dispute was eventually resolved when Ethiopian emperor Haile Selassie I invited the two groups to Addis Ababa, where the OAU and its headquarters were subsequently established. The Charter of the Organisation was signed by 32 independent African states.  At the time of the OAU's disbanding, 53 out of the 54 African states were members, Morocco left on 12 November 1984 following the admission of the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic as the government of Western Sahara in 1982.[7]  The organisation was widely derided as a bureaucratic "talking shop" with little power. It struggled to enforce its decisions, and its lack of armed force made intervention exceedingly difficult. Civil wars in Nigeria and Angola continued unabated for years, and the OAU could do nothing to stop them.  The policy of non-interference in the affairs of member states also limited the effectiveness of the OAU. Thus, when human rights were violated, as in Uganda under Idi Amin in the 1970s, the OAU was powerless to stop them.  The Organisation was praised by Ghanaian former United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan for bringing Africans together. Nevertheless, in its 39 years of existence, critics argue that the OAU did little to protect the rights and liberties of African citizens from their own political leaders, often dubbing it as a "Dictators' Club"[8] or "Dictator's Trade Union".  The OAU was, however, successful in some respects. Many of its members were members of the UN, too, and they stood together within the latter organisation to safeguard African interests – especially in respect of lingering colonialism. Its pursuit of African unity, therefore, was in some ways successful.  Total unity was difficult to achieve, however, as the OAU was largely divided. The former French colonies, still dependent on France, had formed the Monrovia Group, and there was a further split between those that supported the United States and those that supported the USSR in the Cold War of ideologies. The pro-Socialist faction was led by Ghana's Kwame Nkrumah, while Félix Houphouët-Boigny of the Ivory Coast led the pro-capitalists. Because of these divisions, it was difficult for the OAU to take action against states involved in internal conflicts because it could rarely reach an agreement on what was to be done.  The OAU did play a pivotal role in eradicating colonialism and white minority rule in Africa. It gave weapons, training and military bases to rebel groups fighting white minority and colonial rule. Groups such as the ANC and PAC, fighting apartheid, and ZANU and ZAPU, fighting to topple the government of Rhodesia, were aided in their endeavours by the OAU. African harbours were closed to the South African government, and South African aircraft were prohibited from flying over the rest of the continent. The UN was convinced by the OAU to expel South Africa from bodies such as the World Health Organization.  The OAU also worked with the UN to ease refugee problems. It set up the African Development Bank for economic projects intended to make Africa financially stronger. Although all African countries eventually won their independence, it remained difficult for them to become totally independent of their former colonisers. There was often continued reliance on the former colonial powers for economic aid, which often came with strings attached: loans had to be paid back at high interest-rates, and goods had to be sold to the aiders at low rates.  The US and Soviet Union intervened in post-colonial Africa in pursuit of their own objectives. Help was sometimes provided in the form of technology and aid-workers. Despite the fight to keep "Westerners" (colonialists) out of African affairs, the OAU has failed to achieve to meet goals set up to advocate African affairs. The Organisation still heavily depends on Western help (military and economic) to intervene in African affairs, despite African leaders' displeasure at dealing with the international community, especially Western countries.  Autonomous specialised agencies, working under the auspices of the OAU, were:  To co-ordinate and intensify the co-operation of African states in order to achieve a better life for the people of Africa.[1] To defend the sovereignty, territorial integrity and independence of African states. The OAU was also dedicated to the eradication of all forms of colonialism and white minority rule as, when it was established, there were several states that had not yet won their independence or were white minority-ruled. South Africa and Angola were two such countries. The OAU proposed two ways of ridding the continent of colonialism and white minority rule. First, it would defend the interests of independent countries and help to pursue the independence those of still-colonised ones. Secondly, it would remain neutral in terms of world affairs, preventing its members from being controlled once more by outside powers. History of Africa Economic history Economic history Decolonisation of Africa Union of African States Organisation of African Unity African Economic Community Sirte Declaration Constitutive Act of the African Union Union Launch v t e Ensure that all Africans enjoyed human rights. Raise the living standards of all Africans. Settle arguments and disputes between members – not through fighting but rather peaceful and diplomatic negotiation.[6] The Casablanca bloc, led by Kwame Nkrumah of Ghana, wanted a federation of all African countries. Aside from Ghana, it comprised also Algeria, Guinea, Morocco, Egypt, Mali and Libya. Founded in 1961, its members were described as "progressive states". The Monrovian bloc, led by Senghor of Senegal, felt that unity should be achieved gradually, through economic cooperation. It did not support the notion of a political federation. Its other members were Nigeria, Liberia, Ethiopia, and most of the former French colonies. Pan-African Telecommunications Union (PATU) Pan-African Postal Union (PAPU) Pan-African News Agency (PANA) Union of African National Television and Radio Organisations (URTNA) Union of African Railways (UAR) Organisation of African Trade Union Unity (OATUU) Supreme Council for Sports in Africa African Civil Aviation Commission Academic boycott Sporting boycott Disinvestment Constructive engagement Free South Africa Movement International anti-apartheid music International sanctions 1962 UN Resolution 1761 1973 Crime of Apartheid Convention 1977 Gleneagles Agreement 1977 Sullivan principles 1986 Comprehensive Anti-Apartheid Act Anti-Apartheid Movement Artists United Against Apartheid Commonwealth of Nations Halt All Racist Tours Organisation of African Unity TransAfrica UN Special Committee against Apartheid 1964 Conference for Economic Sanctions 1978 World Conference against Racism Resolution 134 (Sharpeville massacre) Resolution 181 (voluntary arms embargo) Resolution 191 (sanctions feasibility) Resolution 282 (arms embargo strengthening) Resolution 418 (mandatory arms embargo) Resolution 435 (South-West Africa ceasefire) Resolution 591 (arms embargo strengthening) Elimination of Racism Day "Biko" (song) Activists Nelson Mandela 70th Birthday Tribute Equity television programming ban Rugby union and apartheid v t e Casablanca Group Union of African States Organisation of African Unity African Economic Community African Unification Front Assembly Chairperson Chairperson Commission Chairperson Conference and Events Peace & Sec. Pol. Affairs Infra. & Energy Soc. Affairs HR, Sci., & Tech. Trade and Industry Rural Econ. & Agri. Economic Legal Counsel Chairperson Conference and Events Peace & Sec. Pol. Affairs Infra. & Energy Soc. Affairs HR, Sci., & Tech. Trade and Industry Rural Econ. & Agri. Economic Legal Counsel Executive Council Rep. Committee Rep. Committee Pan-African Parliament President Bureau Secretariat List of members President Bureau Secretariat List of members Permanent Committees Rural Econ., Agri., Resources, Environ. Monetary & Financial Trade, Customs, & Immigration Cooperation, IR, & Conflict Transport, Industry, Communications,  Energy, Science, & Tech. Health, Labour, & Social Educ., Culture, Tourism, & HR Gender, Family, Youth, Disabilities Justice & Rights Rules, Privileges, & Discipline Rural Econ., Agri., Resources, Environ. Monetary & Financial Trade, Customs, & Immigration Cooperation, IR, & Conflict Transport, Industry, Communications,  Energy, Science, & Tech. Health, Labour, & Social Educ., Culture, Tourism, & HR Gender, Family, Youth, Disabilities Justice & Rights Rules, Privileges, & Discipline Sirte Declaration Constitutive Act of the AU Law Charter on Rights  Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights Charter on Rights  Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights Justice and Human Rights Court of Justice Court on Human and Peoples' Rights List of judges Court of Justice Court on Human and Peoples' Rights List of judges List of judges Peace and Security Council Economic, Social and Cultural Council Specialised Technical Committees Rural Econ., Agri. Monetary & Financial Trade, Customs, and Immigration Industry, Sci. & Tech., Energy, Natural Resources, & Environment Transport, Comm., Tourism Health, Labor, Social  Edu., Culture, & Human Resources Rural Econ., Agri. Monetary & Financial Trade, Customs, and Immigration Industry, Sci. & Tech., Energy, Natural Resources, & Environment Transport, Comm., Tourism Health, Labor, Social  Edu., Culture, & Human Resources AEC Pillars (Abuja Treaty) CEN-SAD COMESA EAC ECCAS/CEEAC CEMAC ECOWAS/CEDEAO UEMOA WAMZ IGAD SADC SACU AMU/UMA CEN-SAD COMESA EAC ECCAS/CEEAC CEMAC CEMAC ECOWAS/CEDEAO UEMOA WAMZ UEMOA WAMZ IGAD SADC SACU SACU AMU/UMA African Central Bank African Monetary Union African Investment Bank New Partnership for Africa's Development African Peer Review Mechanism New Partnership for Africa's Development E-School Program African Peer Review Mechanism New Partnership for Africa's Development E-School Program Agencies of the AU Africa CDC Africa CDC Enlargement Foreign relations TerrAfrica partnership Other countries v t e African Parliamentary Union (APU), another inter-parliamentary institution only of some African countries (non-members are Eritrea, Seychelles, Comoros, Mauritius, Madagascar, Tanzania, Zimbabwe, Malawi, Mozambique, Botswana, South Africa, Swaziland, Lesotho, Sahrawi Republic)[10] Africa Day Bamako Convention Casablanca Group Convention Governing the Specific Aspects of Refugee Problems in Africa List of Linguistic Rights in Constitutions (Africa) Monrovia Group MPAIAC Pan-Africanism Africa portal"
Labeobarbus axelrodi;"   Varicorhinus ansorgii  Labeobarbus axelrodi is a species of ray-finned fish in the  family Cyprinidae.[1] It is endemic to the Kouliou River in Africa.  Named  for  Herbert Axelrod  in recognition  of his  continuing  generous  support  for  ichthyological  research  and exploration. [2]    This Cyprininae article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
OpenBoard;" OpenBoard is a free and open-source interactive whiteboard software compatible with any projector and pointing device.  It was originally forked from Open-Sankoré in 2013[2] with the intention to focus on simplicity and stability. The license was upgraded from LGPL-2.0-only to GPL-3.0-only. Since version 1.3 it is using the more recent QT 5 framework instead of QT version 4.  OpenBoard is [3] a fork of the project based on Open-Sankoré 2,0.[4] Open-Sankoré itself is based on the Uniboard software originally developed at the University of Lausanne (UL), Switzerland. The software started to be developed in 2003 and was first used by the instructors of the UL in October 2003. The project was later spun off to a local startup company, Mnemis SA. It was subsequently sold to the French Public Interest Grouping for Digital Education in Africa (GIP ENA) which bought the intellectual property of the software in order to make it an open source project[5] under the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL-2.0-only).[6]    This free and open-source software article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
List of Coke Studio India episodes;"     Coke Studio India, officially titled Coke Studio @ MTV, is an Indian music television series, which features live studio-recorded music performances by various artists. Coke Studio combines myriad musical influences, from Hindustani, Carnatic and Indian folk, to contemporary hip hop, rock and pop music.[1]  Each hour-long episode of the Coke Studio At MTV featured six songs and a diverse mix of music from alternative genres including Carnatic and Hindustani, compositions by new musicians, recreated Bollywood tracks, and a special song created on the programme.[2]  Coke Studio India 2 began airing on 6 July 2012 and concluded on 25 August 2012. The season featured 8 episodes.[4]  Coke Studio India 3 featured 13 music producers. The season began airing on 1 August 2013 and concluded on 7 October 2013. A total of 47 songs were released in the span of three months.  Coke Studio India 4 began airing on 1 March 2015 and concluded on 4 October 2015. The season featured 6 episodes, a total of 17 songs, released in the span of six months.[7]  Khilte Hain Gul Yahan - KK, Mathangi Rajshekhar and Sanjay Vidyarthi Hamein Toh Loot Liya - Sabri Brothers Tu Aashiqui Hai - KK Tu Hai Yahaan - KK, Sabri Brothers, Mathangi Rajshekhar, Sanjay Vidyarthi and Lesle Lewis Aaj Jaane Ki Zidd Na Karo - Ramya Iyer, Rupmatii Jolly Jab Se Tere Naina - Shaan Heiyo Re Heiyo - Saurav Moni Tum Jo Mil Gaye Ho - Shaan, Harshdeep Kaur Sumbaran Mandal - Nandesh Sunder Balma - Colonial Cousins Dar Ughad Baya - Nandesh Umap Coke Studio @ MTV Theme Music - Zoheb Hussain and Sur Sangam Club Aaja Sapne Saja Ja - Lesle Lewis, Kavita Seth Kancha Re - Benny Dayal, Suzanne D'Mello Rama Rama Krishna Krishna - Colonial Cousins MTV Unplugged Coke Studio Pakistan"
Antal Szalay;"   Antal Szalay (12 March 1912 – 4 April 1960) was a Hungarian footballer who played for Újpest FC, as well as representing the Hungarian national football team at the 1934 and the 1938 FIFA World Cup.[1] He went on to coach UTA Arad, FC Craiova, Carrarese Calcio, Pro Patria and St. George-Budapest.    This biographical article related to association football in Hungary, about a midfielder, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Richard Waite (cricketer);"   Richard Parkinson Waite (born 11 June 1980) is an English cricketer.  Waite is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm off break.  He was born in Stockton-on-Tees, County Durham.  Waite represented the Durham Cricket Board in 10  List A matches against Buckinghamshire in the 2nd round of the 2002 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was played in 2001 and against Glamorgan in the 2003 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy.[1]  In his 10 List A matches, he scored 350 runs at a batting averageof 45.23 with high score of 89*.  In the field he took a single catch.[2]  With the ball he took 4 wickets at a bowling average of 18.50, with best figures of 2/25.[3]  In 2004, he joined Cumberland, making his Minor Counties Championship debut for the county against Cambridgeshire.  From 2004 to 2006, he represented the county in 12 Championship matches, the last of which came against Bedfordshire.  Waite also played a number of MCCA Knockout Trophy matches for the county.  For the 2010 season, Waite represented Northumberland, playing 2 Minor Counties Championship matches against Bedfordshire and Suffolk.[4]  His debut in the MCCA Knockout Trophy came against Staffordshire.  He played 3 further Trophy matches for the county in 2010.[5] He is currently part of the coaching team for Hong Kong Ladies Cricket Team "
Dialectica japonica;"   Dialectica japonica is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Kyūshū, Japan.[2]  The wingspan is 7.5–8.6 mm.[3]  The larvae feed on Ehretia ovalifolia. They mine the leaves of their host plant.    This article relating to moths in subfamily Acrocercopinae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Michael Willoughby, 11th Baron Middleton;"   Colonel Michael Guy Percival Willoughby, 11th Baron Middleton KG MC KStJ TD ED (21 October 1887 – 16 November 1970), was a British peer and soldier.  Willoughby was the second son of Godfrey Willoughby, 10th Baron Middleton, and was educated at Wellington College and the Royal Military College.  In 1936, Willoughby was appointed Lord Lieutenant of the East Riding of Yorkshire.  From 1931, he was President of University College, Hull, (later the University of Hull) and was its first Chancellor from 1954 to 1970.  Graduating from the Royal Military College on 9 October 1907, Willoughby was commissioned a second lieutenant in the South Lancashire Regiment (The Prince of Wales's Volunteers). He transferred to the 17th Lancers 26 October 1907 and on 26 October 1909 to the 10th Duke of Cambridge's Own Lancers (Hodson's Horse) of the Indian Army. He was promoted lieutenant 9 January 1910.  Willoughby was stationed in India at the outbreak of the First World War, as the regiment was not selected to go overseas, but in March 1915 he was sent to Mesopotamia attached to the 16th Cavalry, being promoted acting captain on 1 June 1915 and temporary captain 1 September 1915. He also served as the 6th Cavalry Brigades Machine Gun officer January to June 1916 before returning to the 16th Cavalry. In July 1916 he was attached to the 12th Cavalry until August when he returned to India to take over the 10th Duke of Cambridge's Own Lancers (Hodson's Horse) depot at Multan, that regiment now being selected for active service. For his service in Mesopotamia he was awarded the Military Cross[1] and was mentioned in dispatches three times (The London Gazette 5 April 1916,[2] 19 October 1916[3] and 12 June 1917[4]).   He was promoted from acting captain to captain 9 October 1916, later to be antedated to 1 September 1915.  While at Multan he led two scratch squadrons of the regiment on the Marri punitive expedition between March and April 1918 and appointed acting major commanding the depot 28 January to 12 August 1918. He was relieved of command of the depot in August 1918. He was acting major again whilst second in command of a regiment 26 October 1918 to 11 February 1919 and promoted brevet major 3 June 1919 and major 9 October 1922.  Willoughby resigned his commission 1 November 1923.  His elder brother had been killed at the Battle of Jutland in 1916 and so on the death of his father in 1924, Willoughby inherited the barony.  Lord Middleton rose through the ranks and became associated with Territorial regiments of the East Riding of Yorkshire. He first joined the Green Howards as a lieutenant colonel and was promoted colonel in 1928. He commanded the 5th and 30th Battalions of the East Yorkshire Regiment during the Second World War.  On 28 April 1920, Lord Middleton married Angela Florence Alfreda Hall, a daughter of Charles Hall, of Eddlethorpe.  The couple had four children:[5]  In 1957, Lord Middleton was appointed a Knight of the Garter (KG).  On his death in 1970, his barony passed to his elder son.  Digby Michael Godfrey John Willoughby, 12th Baron Middleton, MC (born 1 May 1921, died 27 May 2011) Hon. Angela Hermione Ida Willoughby (born 5 May 1924) Hon. Jean Elizabeth Mary Willoughby (born 26 January 1928, died 11 November 2008), married Sir Fergus Matheson, 7th Baronet and had issue. Brigadier Hon. Henry Ernest Christopher Willoughby (born 12 June 1932, died 12 July 2009)"
Clavarctus falculus;"   Clavarctus falculus is a species of tardigrades. It is the only species in the genus Clavarctus, part of the family Halechiniscidae.[1] The species has been found in deep sea in the Mozambique Channel.[2]   Data related to Clavarctus falculus at Wikispecies    This tardigrade-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Les Épines de Lespinet;" Les Épines de Lespinet (2500 m²) is a private botanical garden specializing in cactus and succulents. It is located at 38, Les Hauts de Lespinet, Foix, Ariège, Midi-Pyrénées, France, and open by guided tours, an admission fee is charged.  The garden is intended to recreate a semi-desert American landscape amid banana, citrus, and Mediterranean vegetation. It contains nearly 400 taxa of cacti and succulents, primarily Agave, Opuntia, and Yucca, as well as Nolina and a collection of palm trees from temperate and subtropical regions.  Coordinates: 42°57′59″N 1°36′28″E﻿ / ﻿42.96639°N 1.60778°E﻿ / 42.96639, 1.60778    This Ariège geographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This article related to a garden in France is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. List of botanical gardens in France Les Épines de Lespinet Culture.fr entry (French) Cactuspro entry (French) Parcs et Jardins de Midi-Pyrénées entry (French)[permanent dead link] v t e v t e"
Phono-semantic matching;"   Phono-semantic matching (PSM) is the incorporation of a word into one language from another, often creating a neologism, where the word's non-native quality is hidden by replacing it with phonetically and semantically similar words or roots from the adopting language. Thus the approximate sound and meaning of the original expression in the source language are preserved, though the new expression (the PSM – the phono-semantic match) in the target language may sound native.  Phono-semantic matching is distinct from calquing, which includes (semantic) translation but does not include phonetic matching (i.e., retention of the approximate sound of the borrowed word through matching it with a similar-sounding pre-existent word or morpheme in the target language).   Phono-semantic matching is also distinct from homophonic translation, which retains the sound of a word but not the meaning.  The term "phono-semantic matching" was introduced by linguist and revivalist Ghil'ad Zuckermann.[1] It challenged Einar Haugen's classic typology of lexical borrowing (loanwords).[2] While Haugen categorized borrowing into either substitution or importation, camouflaged borrowing in the form of PSM is a case of "simultaneous substitution and importation." Zuckermann proposed a new classification of multisourced neologisms, words deriving from two or more sources at the same time. Examples of such mechanisms are phonetic matching, semanticized phonetic matching and phono-semantic matching.  Zuckermann concludes that language planners, for example members of the Academy of the Hebrew Language, employ the very same techniques used in folk etymology by laymen, as well as by religious leaders.[3] He urges lexicographers and etymologists to recognize the widespread phenomena of camouflaged borrowing and multisourced neologization and not to force one source on multi-parental lexical items.  Zuckermann analyses the evolution of the word artichoke.[4] Beginning in Arabic الخرشوف ('al-khurshūf) "the artichoke", it was adapted into Andalusian Arabic alxarshofa, then Old Spanish alcarchofa, then Italian alcarcioffo, then Northern Italian arcicioffo > arciciocco > articiocco, then phonetically realised in English as artichoke. The word was eventually phono-semantically matched back into colloquial Levantine Arabic (for example in Syria, Lebanon and Israel) as أرضي شوكي (arḍī shawkī), consisting of أرضي (arḍī) "earthly" and شوكي (shawkī) "thorny".  Arabic has made use of phono-semantic matching to replace blatantly imported new terminology with a word derived from an existing triliteral root. Examples are:  A number of PSMs exist in Dutch as well. One notable example is hangmat ("hammock"), which is a modification of Spanish hamaca, also the source of the English word. Natively, the word is transparently analysed as a "hang-mat", which aptly describes the object. Similarly:  A few PSMs exist in English.  The French word chartreuse ("Carthusian monastery") was translated to the English charterhouse. The French word choupique, itself an adaptation of the Choctaw name for the bowfin, has likewise been Anglicized as shoepike,[6] although it is unrelated to the pikes.  The French name for the Osage orange, bois d'arc (lit. "bow-wood"), is sometimes rendered as "bowdark".[7] In Canada, the cloudberry is called "bakeapple" after the French phrase baie qu'appelle 'the what-do-you-call-it berry'.  The second part of the word muskrat was altered to match rat, replacing the original form musquash, which derives from an Algonquian (possibly Powhatan[8]) word, muscascus (literally "it is red"), or from the Abenaki native word mòskwas.  The use of runagates in Psalm 68 of the Anglican Book of Common Prayer derives from phono-semantic matching between Latin renegatus and English run agate.  The Finnish compound word for "jealous" mustasukkainen literally means "black-socked" (musta "black" and sukka "sock"). However, the word is a case of a misunderstood loan translation from Swedish svartsjuk "black-sick". The Finnish word sukka fit with a close phonological equivalent to the Swedish sjuk. Similar cases are työmyyrä "hardworking person", literally "work mole", from arbetsmyra "work ant", matching myra "ant" to myyrä "mole", and liikavarvas "clavus", literally "extra toe", from liktå < liktorn "dead thorn", matching liika "extra" to lik "dead (archaic)" and varvas "toe" to tå < torn "thorn".[9][10]  Mailhammer (2008) "applies the concepts of multisourced neologisation and, more generally, camouflaged borrowing, as established by Zuckermann (2003a) to Modern German, pursuing a twofold aim, namely to underline the significance of multisourced neologisation for language contact theory and secondly to demonstrate that together with other forms of camouflaged borrowing it remains an important borrowing mechanism in contemporary German."[11]  Sapir & Zuckermann (2008) demonstrate how Icelandic camouflages many English words by means of phono-semantic matching. For example, the Icelandic-looking word eyðni, meaning "AIDS", is a PSM of the English acronym AIDS, using the pre-existent Icelandic verb eyða, meaning "to destroy", and the Icelandic nominal suffix -ni.[12] Similarly, the Icelandic word tækni, meaning "technology, technique", derives from tæki, meaning "tool", combined with the nominal suffix -ni, but is, in fact, a PSM of the Danish (or international) teknik, meaning "technology, technique". Tækni was coined in 1912 by Dr Björn Bjarnarson from Viðfjörður in the East of Iceland. It had been in little use until the 1940s, but has since become common, as a lexeme and as an element in new formations, such as raftækni, lit. "electrical technics", i.e. "electronics", tæknilegur "technical" and tæknir "technician".[13] Other PSMs discussed in the article are beygla, bifra –  bifrari, brokkál, dapur –  dapurleiki - depurð, fjárfesta - fjárfesting, heila, guðspjall, ímynd, júgurð, korréttur, Létt og laggott, musl, pallborð –  pallborðsumræður, páfagaukur, ratsjá, setur, staða, staðall –  staðla –  stöðlun, toga –  togari, uppi and veira.[14]  In modern Japanese, loanwords are generally represented phonetically via katakana. However, in earlier times loanwords were often represented by kanji (Chinese characters), a process called ateji when used for phonetic matching, or jukujikun when used for semantic matching. Some of these continue to be used, the characters chosen may correspond to the sound, the meaning, or both.  In most cases the characters used were chosen only for their matching sound or only for their matching meaning. For example, in the word 寿司 (sushi), the two characters are respectively read as su and shi, but the character 寿 means "one's natural life span" and 司 means "to administer", neither of which has anything to do with the food –  this is ateji. Conversely, in the word 煙草 (tabako) for "tobacco", the individual kanji respectively mean "smoke" and "herb", which corresponds to the meaning, while none of their possible readings have a phonetic relationship to the word tabako –  this is jukujikun.  In some cases, however, the kanji were chosen for both their semantic and phonetic values, a form of phono-semantic matching. A stock example is 倶楽部 (kurabu) for "club", where the characters can be interpreted loosely in sequence as "together-fun-place" (which has since been borrowed into Chinese during the early 20th century with the same meaning, including the individual characters, but with a pronunciation that differs considerably from the original English and the Japanese, jùlèbù). Another example is 合羽 (kappa) for the Portuguese capa, a kind of raincoat. The characters can mean "wings coming together", as the pointed capa resembles a bird with wings folded together.  PSM is frequently used in Mandarin borrowings.[15][16]  An example is the Taiwanese Mandarin word 威而剛 wēi'érgāng, which literally means "powerful and hard" and refers to Viagra, the drug for treating impotence in men, manufactured by Pfizer.[17]  Another example is the Mandarin form of World Wide Web, which is  wàn wéi wǎng (simplified Chinese: 万维网, traditional Chinese: 萬維網), which satisfies "www" and literally means "myriad dimensional net".[18] The English word hacker has been borrowed into Mandarin as 黑客 (hēikè, "dark/wicked visitor").[19]  Modern Standard Chinese 声纳/聲納 shēngnà "sonar" uses the characters 声/聲 shēng "sound" and 纳/納 nà "receive, accept". The pronunciations shēng and nà are phonetically somewhat similar to the two syllables of the English word. Chinese has a large number of homo/heterotonal homophonous morphemes, which would have been a better phonetic fit than shēng, but not nearly as good semantically –  consider the syllable song (cf. 送 sòng 'deliver, carry, give (as a present)', 松 sōng 'pine, loose, slack', 耸/聳 sǒng 'tower, alarm, attract' etc.), sou (cf. 搜 sōu 'search', 叟 sŏu 'old man', 馊/餿 sōu 'sour, spoiled' and many others) or shou (cf. 收 shōu 'receive, accept', 受 shòu 'receive, accept', 手 shǒu 'hand', 首 shǒu 'head', 兽/獸 shòu 'beast', 瘦 shòu 'thin' and so forth).[20]  According to Zuckermann, PSM in Mandarin is common in:  From a monolingual Chinese view, Mandarin PSM is the 'lesser evil' compared with Latin script (in digraphic writing) or code-switching (in speech). Zuckermann's exploration of PSM in Standard Chinese and Meiji-period Japanese concludes that the Chinese writing system is multifunctional: pleremic ("full" of meaning, e.g. logographic), cenemic ("empty" of meaning, e.g. phonographic - like a syllabary) and simultaneously cenemic and pleremic (phono-logographic). Zuckermann argues that Leonard Bloomfield's assertion that "a language is the same no matter what system of writing may be used"[23] is inaccurate. "If Chinese had been written using roman letters, thousands of Chinese words would not have been coined, or would have been coined with completely different forms".[24] Evidence of this can be seen in the Dungan language, a Chinese language that is closely related to Mandarin, but written phonetically in Cyrillic, where words are borrowed, often from Russian, directly without PSM.[25]  A related practice is the translation of Western names into Chinese characters.  Often in phono-semantic matching, the source-language determines both the root word and the noun-pattern. This makes it difficult to determine the source language's influence on the target-language morphology. For example, "the phono-semantic matcher of English dock with Israeli Hebrew מבדוק‎ mivdók could have used –  after deliberately choosing the phonetically and semantically suitable root b-d-q בדק‎ meaning 'check' (Rabbinic) or 'repair' (Biblical) –  the noun-patterns mi⌂⌂a⌂á, ma⌂⌂e⌂á, mi⌂⌂é⌂et, mi⌂⌂a⌂áim etc. (each ⌂ represents a slot where a radical is inserted). Instead, mi⌂⌂ó⌂, which was not highly productive, was chosen because its [o] makes the final syllable of מבדוק‎ mivdók sound like English dock."[26]  The Hebrew name יְרוּשָׁלַיִם (Yərūšālayim) for Jerusalem is rendered as Ἱεροσόλυμα (Hierosóluma) in, e.g., Matthew 2:1. The first part corresponds to the Ancient Greek prefix ἱερo- (hiero-), meaning "sacred, holy".  Old High German widarlōn ("repayment of a loan") was rendered as widerdonum ("reward") in Medieval Latin. The last part corresponds to the Latin donum ("gift").[27][28]: 157   Viagra, a brand name which was suggested by Interbrand Wood (the consultancy firm hired by Pfizer), is itself a multisourced neologism, based on Sanskrit व्याघ्र vyāghráh ("tiger") but enhanced by the words vigour (i.e. strength) and Niagara (i.e. free/forceful flow).[17]  Other than through Sinoxenic borrowings, Vietnamese employs phono-semantic matching less commonly than Chinese. Examples include ma trận ("matrix", from the words for "magic" and "battle array"), áp dụng ("apply", from the words for "press down" and "use"), and Huỳnh Phi Long (Huey P. Long, from "yellow flying dragon", evoking the Huey P. Long Bridge).  According to Zuckermann, PSM has various advantages from the point of view of a puristic language planner:[1]  Other motivations for PSM include the following:  An expressive loan is a loanword incorporated into the expressive system of the borrowing language, making it resemble native words or onomatopoeia.  Expressive loanwords are hard to identify, and by definition, they follow the common phonetic sound change patterns poorly. [29] Likewise, there is a continuum between "pure" loanwords and "expressive" loanwords. The difference to a folk etymology (or an eggcorn) is that a folk etymology is based on misunderstanding, whereas an expressive loan is changed on purpose, the speaker taking the loanword knowing full well that the descriptive quality is different from the original sound and meaning.  South-eastern Finnish, for example, has many expressive loans. The main source language, Russian, does not use the vowels 'y', 'ä' or 'ö' [y æ ø]. Thus, it is common to add these to redescriptivized loans to remove the degree of foreignness that the loanword would otherwise have. For example, tytinä "brawn" means "wobblyness",[clarification needed] and superficially it looks like a native construction, originating from the verb tutista "to wobble" added with a front vowel sound in the vowel harmony. However, it is expressivized from tyyteni (which is a confusing word as -ni is a possessive suffix), which in turn is a loanword from Russian stúden'.[30] A somewhat more obvious example is tökötti "sticky, tarry goo", which could be mistaken as a derivation from the onomatopoetic word tök (cf. the verb tökkiä "to poke"). However, it is an expressive loan of Russian d'ogot' "tar".[31]  Code-switching Language change Language ideology Language planning Multilingualism Prestige Variation Accent Bilingual pun Dialect Diglossia Homophonic translation Macaronic language Phono-semantic matching Register Discourse analysis Language varieties Linguistic description Loanword Pragmatics Pidgin Soramimi Applied linguistics Historical linguistics Linguistic anthropology Sociocultural linguistics Sociology of language  Category  Linguistics portal v t e In ansjovis ("anchovy"), the second part was modified to resemble vis ("fish"), although the word originates in Spanish anchova, In scheurbuik ("scurvy"), the word parts were modified to resemble scheur- (stem of scheuren, tear open) and buik ("belly, stomach"), although the word originates in Middle Low German schorbuck, In sprokkelmaand (an alternative name for februari, "February"), the first part was modified to resemble sprokkelen ("gather wood"), although the word originates in Latin spurcalia, In zijdenhemdje (a variety of apple with a very soft, thin, yellow skin), the word parts were modified to resemble zijden ("silken") and hemdje ("shirt, small shirt, vest"), although the word actually denotes the place Sydenham where the apple originates.[5] Dutch dictionary Van Dale describes balkenbrij as a particularly notable example. Other examples are angstvallig, dukdalf, geeuwhonger, hagedis, hondsdraf, penthouse, rederijker, rendier and zondvloed. brand names, e.g. 可口可乐/可口可樂 Kěkǒu kělè, "Coca-Cola" translates to "tasty [and] entertaining",[21] 可乐/可樂 itself genericised to refer to any cola.[22] computer jargon, e.g. the aforementioned word for "World Wide Web" technological terms, e.g. the aforementioned word for "sonar". toponyms, e.g. the name 白俄罗斯/白俄羅斯 Bái'èluósī, "Belarus" combines the word 白 Bái, "White" with the name 俄罗斯/俄羅斯 Èluósī, "Russia", therefore meaning "White Russia" just like the endonym "Белару́сь". recycling obsolete lexical items camouflaging foreign influence (for the native speaker in the future) facilitating initial learning (mnemonics) (for the contemporary learner/speaker) playfulness (cf. midrashic tradition of homiletic commentary, cf. the Jewish pilpul) Apollonianism (the wish to create order/meaningfulness, cf. folk etymology, etymythology, paronymic attraction) iconicity (the belief that there is something intrinsic about the sound of names, cf. phonaesthetics) political correctness / rejective lexical engineering attracting customers (in the case of brand names) Bilingual pun Calque Eggcorn Hybrid word Hobson-Jobson Internationalism Language contact Lexicology Neologism Phonestheme Poetry Portmanteau Translation Word formation"
List of steelbands;" Steelbands, originating from Trinidad and Tobago, are groups of musicians who play steelpan instruments including the Tenor, Double Tenor, Double Second, Cello, Guitar, Quadrophonic and Bass together as an orchestral ensemble, often with expansive percussion and rhythm section.  This is a list of notable steelbands organized by country. "
Wisconsin Highway 175;"     State Trunk Highway 175 State Trunk Highway 175 (often called Highway 175, STH-175 or WIS 175) is a state highway in the US state of Wisconsin. It runs north–south in central Wisconsin from West Milwaukee to just south of Fond du Lac.  The highway follows the former route of U.S. Highway 41 (US 41) before US 41's current route was created between 1953 and 1955. Portions of the highway were part of the Yellowstone Trail. North Fond du Lac created a park dedicated to the trail, which was the first transcontinental automobile highway through the upper tier of states in the United States.  The highway was shorted by 17.1 miles (27.5 km) on January 1, 2007. The northern terminus was moved from US 45 near Oshkosh to its present location near Fond du Lac. The portion in Winnebago County became County Trunk Highway R (CTH-R), and the portion in Fond du Lac County (including through the Van Dyne, North Fond du Lac, and Fond du Lac communities) became CTH-RP.[2]  Numerous segments of the highway are marked for changing to local control, including segments in Washington County. It formerly went into the city of Fond du Lac before the 2010s, when the city's highway designations changed with the completion of the US 151 bypass.  Beginning in May 2015, US 41 south of Howard underwent conversion to Interstate 41 (I-41) and rerouted to follow an existing freeway alignment in Milwaukee County. Beginning the following month, WIS 175 signs began replacing US 41 signs in the Milwaukee area, where the designation was extended beyond I-94 along the Stadium Freeway, also replacing WIS 341 between the Stadium Interchange and WIS 59.[3]  In 2022, the Wisconsin Department of Transportation began exploring reconstructing Highway 175 in Milwaukee between North Avenue and Vliet Street in the Washington Heights neighborhood of Milwaukee.[4] In 2016, Urban Milwaukee contributor John O'Neill wrote an article suggesting partial removal of the highway in order to improve pedestrian safety.[5]  Wisconsin State Trunk Highway System Interstate US State Scenic Rustic       Concurrency terminus       Incomplete access  U.S. Roads portal"
Bombora;"   Bombora is an indigenous Australian term for an area of large sea waves breaking over a shallow area such as a submerged rock shelf, reef, or sand bank that is located some distance from the shoreline and beach surf break. In slang it is also called a bommie.[1]  As the wave passes over the shallow area its shape is raised and steepened, creating a localised wave formation.[2] The size and shape of bombora waves makes them attractive to surfers willing to take the risk of riding what is generally considered a hazardous pursuit.  These formations can pose a significant danger even in good weather as a bombora may not be identifiable because it may not always have breaking waves.[3]  The term Bombora was given wide circulation in 2009 on ABC TV with the airing of a documentary titled Bombora - The Story of Australian Surfing, which received a nomination for the 2010 Logie Awards in Australia.[4][5] The documentary explored historical dimensions of the relationship between surf culture and Australian cultural identity.[6][7]  "Bombora" is also the title of a popular music instrumental released in 1963 by Australian surf rock band The Atlantics.  The term bombora is also used for a sketchy surf spot where waves seem to break on the outside.    This Australian Aboriginal languages-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Cowaramup Bombora ("Cow Bombie") - near Margaret River, Western Australia, location of the 2011 and 2015 Oakley Biggest Wave award-winning rides.[8][9] Dobroyd Bombora - in Sydney Harbour, New South Wales. Jibbon Bombora - at Bundeena in the south of Sydney[10] Outer Bombora - at Yallingup, Western Australia. "The Bommie" - on the northern side of The Penguin's Head, Culburra Beach, New South Wales. Killcare and Maitland Bay bomboras in Bouddi National Park, NS Queenscliff Bombora - in Sydney, New South Wales Australia portal Surf culture"
Alfred Legard;"   Colonel Alfred Digby Legard, CBE (19 June 1878 – 15 August 1939) was an English Army officer and amateur first-class cricketer, who appeared in two matches for Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), and another four for Yorkshire County Cricket Club between 1904 and 1910.[1]  Born in Scarborough, Yorkshire, England, Legard was a right-handed batsman, who scored 27 first-class runs at 9.71 with a best of 27.  A right arm slow bowler, he bowled eleven overs without success at a cost of 33 runs.  Legard was commissioned a Second lieutenant in the King's Royal Rifle Corps on 18 May 1898, and promoted to Lieutenant on 22 October 1899. He served with the 1st Battalion of his regiment in the Second Boer War 1899-1902, where he was present at the Battle of Talana Hill and the Defence of Ladysmith in early 1900, before he took part in operations in Natal March–June 1900, and operations in Transvaal, east of Pretoria, July–November 1900.[2] He received the Queen's South Africa Medal with four clasps, and was promoted to Captain on 14 June 1902.[3] He later served with distinction in World War I, was awarded CBE and was a Colonel of his regiment the King's Royal Rifle Corps.[4]  He died in August 1939 in Pentire, Newquay, Cornwall.    This biographical article related to an English cricket person born in the 1870s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Legard Baronets"
Durgapur Steel Thermal Power Station;"   Durgapur Steel Thermal Power Station is a coal-based thermal power plant located Durgapur city in Paschim Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal. The power plant is operated by the Damodar Valley Corporation.  It has an installed capacity of 1,000 megawatts.  Damodar Valley Corporation"
Bait;" Bait may refer to:  Bait (luring substance), bait as a luring substance Bait-and-switch, a form of fraud Bait car, vehicle rigged by the police to catch auto thieves Bait money Baiting (blood sport), using dogs to stress or torment a chained or confined animal or human Fan-baiting (or fanbaiting), a form of marketing with the intent of exciting artificial controversy, garnering publicity, and explaining away the negative reviews of a new and often highly anticipated production Fishing bait, bait used for fishing Flamebait, the intentional posting of inflammatory content to a public Internet discussion group Jailbait, person below the age of consent with whom sexual intercourse can constitute statutory rape Oscar bait Queerbaiting Race-baiting Red-baiting, the act of persecuting people as communist, socialist, or anarchist Scam baiting Bait (1950 film), British crime film by Frank Richardson Bait (1954 film), American noir film by Hugo Haas Bait (2000 film), American-Canadian action comedy Bait (soundtrack), the soundtrack to the 2000 action-comedy film, Bait Bait (soundtrack), the soundtrack to the 2000 action-comedy film, Bait Bait 3D, 2012 3D horror disaster film Bait, a 2014 British film directed by Dominic Brunt Bait (2019 film), British drama film by Mark Jenkin Bait Bazi, a verbal game and a genre of Urdu poetry Bait (novel), a 2009 novel by Sieds Jetze "Bait" (CSI: Miami), an episode of the television series, CSI: Miami "Bait" (The Unit), an episode of the television series, The Unit "Live Bait" (The Walking Dead), the sixth episode of the fourth season of the television series The Walking Dead Live Bait (album), a 1997 live music album of The Arrogant Worms Bayt/Beit/Beth/Bet (disambiguation), meaning 'house' in various Semitic languages, part of many place-names Beit, a metrical unit of Arabic, Iranian and Urdu poetry The Bait (disambiguation)"
Mukuzani;" Mukuzani (Georgian: მუკუზანი muk’uzani) is a dry red Georgian wine made from Saperavi grapes in Mukuzani, Kakheti.  Mukuzani is distinct from the other wines made from the same grapes in that it is aged in oak casks for a longer time - at least three years.  Mukuzani has a deep red color with a soft smoky scent of oak and berry. The taste begins dry but the oak and fruit flavors quickly come through. As a result of its longer aging, Mukuzani has more complexity than the other wines made from Saperavi grapes. It goes particularly well with steaks and dark meats.  The matured wine contains 10.5-12.5% alcohol and has 6.0-7.0% titrated acidity.  It has been produced since 1888.  Mukuzani is considered by many to be the best of the Georgian red wines made from Saperavi. It has won 9 gold medals, 2 silver medals and 3 bronze medals in international competitions.  Georgian wine Sweetness of wine List of Georgian wine appellations "Mukuzani Red Wine," From the Cradle of Wine "Hvino News" - daily wine news from Georgia in English, industry databases, documentation/laws, forum Georgian Wine Catalogue with independent wine rating "Teliani Valley," 'Georgian Winery [http://www.mukuzani.ge"
Khronos;" Khronos may refer to:  Khronos (Maktub album) Khronos (Rotting Christ album) Khronos (game), a board game Khronos Group, an open standards consortium Chronos, the personification of time in Greek mythology. Chronos (disambiguation) Kronos (disambiguation)"
2004 in Singapore;"   ←  →  The following lists events that happened during 2004 in Singapore.  2003 2002 2001   2005 2006 2007   1980s 1990s 2000s 2010s 2020s Other events of 2004 Timeline of Singaporean history President: S.R. Nathan[1] Prime Minister: Goh Chok Tong (until 12 August), Lee Hsien Loong (starting 12 August)[2] 1 January - The Goods and Services Tax is raised from 4% to 5%.[3] 3 January - The Millennia Institute is established from a merger of other Centralised Institutes. 8 January - The Infocomm Development Authority of Singapore announced that phone numbers starting with '8' will become available from April after high demand for phone numbers starting with '9'.[4][5] 3 February - The Braddell Flyover is opened to traffic.[6] 12 February - The Carlsberg Sky Tower (renamed to Tiger Sky Tower) is opened. 22 February - Plans for a new hospital in Jurong were postponed in favour for one in the north. These plans were elaborated on 22 March, when the Health Ministry announced a Northern General Hospital (now Khoo Teck Puat Hospital) in Yishun.[7][8] 9 March - The Singapore Tourism Board launched a new tourism campaign called Uniquely Singapore.[9] 13 March - A new pre-tertiary arts school (now School of the Arts) is announced during a parliamentary debate to cater for students between the ages of 13 to 18.[10] 17 March - The Ministry of Education announced more flexibility for school admissions and an all-rounded school ranking system.[11][12] 18 March - The Ministry of Education announced that the EM1 and EM2 streams will be merged.[13] The chewing gum ban is partially lifted with the launch of Nicorette, a smoking cessation gum.[14] The Ministry of Education announced that the EM1 and EM2 streams will be merged.[13] The chewing gum ban is partially lifted with the launch of Nicorette, a smoking cessation gum.[14] 26 March - The Arts House is opened.[15] 23 March - The Immigration and Checkpoints Authority's Coastal Command Headquarters on Pulau Brani is officially opened by then Minister for Home Affairs Wong Kan Seng. 29 March - The M18 and R21 ratings are introduced, among other changes.[16] 31 March - The Old National Library Building at Fort Canning is closed for the building of Fort Canning Tunnel. 1 April - Two statutory boards, the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority and Singapore Examinations and Assessment Board[17] are formed. All hawker centres are now managed by the National Environment Agency, taking over roles previously held by the Housing and Development Board and JTC Corporation.[18] Two statutory boards, the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority and Singapore Examinations and Assessment Board[17] are formed. All hawker centres are now managed by the National Environment Agency, taking over roles previously held by the Housing and Development Board and JTC Corporation.[18] 2 April - The Singapore Sports School is officially opened.[19] 13 April – A blackout hits several parts of Singapore including Choa Chu Kang, affecting 80,000 households and lasting almost an hour. Investigations found that a cable fault was responsible for the event.[20][21] 20 April – A section of Nicoll Highway collapsed, four workers were killed.[22][23] 1 May - The National Trades Union Congress's new headquarters, One Marina Boulevard is officially opened.[24] Singapore Pools is transferred to the Singapore Totalisator Board, present-day Tote Board (a statutory board of the Ministry of Finance), taking over this role from Temasek Holdings. The National Trades Union Congress's new headquarters, One Marina Boulevard is officially opened.[24] Singapore Pools is transferred to the Singapore Totalisator Board, present-day Tote Board (a statutory board of the Ministry of Finance), taking over this role from Temasek Holdings. 4 May - The first $10 polymer notes are released.[25] Valuair launches its first flights. The first $10 polymer notes are released.[25] Valuair launches its first flights. 10 May - SMRT and TIBS were officially merged, whereas SMRT Buses was formed. 14 May - The Media Development Authority (MDA) awards the 99.5FM frequency to MediaCorp under MediaCorp Radio. The new station, GROOVES 99.5FM (renamed Lush 99.5FM) will broadcast local music and arts programmes, as well as jazz and programmes by tertiary students. The station will start broadcasting by end 2004.[26] 19 May – First Lieutenant Brandon Loo of the Republic of Singapore Air Force is killed when his F-16 jet crashed while on training from the Luke Air Force Base in Arizona. 21 May - The Changi Naval Base is officially opened. 29 May - StarHub launches its new digital cable TV service.[27] 1 June - Security guards are now deployed in MRT stations.[28] 4 June - Hippo City Sightseeing bus in Singapore started operations. 5 June - Wild Wild Wet, a water theme park opens to the public in Downtown East.[29] 15 June - MINDEF announced that National Service will be cut from 2.5 to 2 years from the December 2004 batch.[30] 18 June - The third NEWater plant opened in Seletar. It operated for seven years until its closure in 2011. 29 June - A blackout occurred for the second time, affecting about one-third of Singapore residents. Investigations reveal that the blackout was caused by a disruption of natural gas supply from Indonesia.[31][32] 20 July - The National Security Secretariat is renamed to National Security Coordination Secretariat as part of an enhanced national security plan. 12 August - Lee Hsien Loong was sworn as the third Prime Minister.[33] 22 August - Pro-family policies were introduced during the National Day Rally. Among the measures include an enhanced Baby Bonus scheme, increased maternity leave to 12 weeks, more childcare options, a five-day work week, among others. In addition, female civil servants can claim medical benefits for their dependant unmarried children below 18 year and spouses from 1 January 2005, as well as two-day childcare leave for each parent from 1 October.[34][35] 1 September - Punggol Plaza managed by Koufu and NTUC Fairprice is officially opened and connected to Coral Edge LRT Station in Punggol, Singapore. 2 September - The Media Development Authority allows the sale of Cosmopolitan, a women-oriented magazine, coming after a 22-year ban since 1982 on the grounds of nudity. However, the magazine will be shrink-wrapped with the label 'Unsuitable for the Young' to protect vulnerable consumers.[36] 15 September - Tiger Airways launches its first flights. At the same time, a new low cost terminal will be built by 2006, with Tiger Airways being the first to use the terminal when it opens.[37][38] 17 September - In a bid to stem losses, MediaCorp and Singapore Press Holdings (SPH) announced the merging of their media operations. A new holding company MediaCorp TV will be created with MediaCorp owning 80 percent and SPH holding the remaining 20 percent. In addition, MediaCorp Press will continue to be owned by MediaCorp, holding a 60 percent stake with 40 percent to be sold to SPH. Channel i will be reviewed for commercial viability while Streats will be merged with Today.[39] 23 September - VivoCity, formerly known as the HarbourFront Mall, is unveiled, opening in December 2006.[40] 24 September - The Direct School Admission was announced, allowing Primary 6 and Secondary 4 students to be guaranteed a place in a secondary school and junior college of their choice respectively. The scheme took effect from the 2005 cohort.[41] 26 September - Reviews were announced for education awards, new school achievement tables and the scrapping of rankings for IP schools and junior colleges.[42] 30 September - PSA International sells its stake in CWT, a logistics company.[43] 2 October - The Yellow Ribbon Project and Yellow Ribbon Fund are officially launched to give ex-convicts a second chance.[44][45] 29 October - The first units of The Sail @ Marina Bay are launched, which is jointly developed by City Developments Limited and AIG Global Real Estate.[46] 29 November - The Changi Air Base (East) is officially opened.[47] 30 November - Temasek Holdings acquires HDB Corp (present-day Surbana Jurong) as part of Housing and Development Board's divestment, allowing it to expand overseas to new markets in Asia. Likewise, entry barriers for private companies will be lifted from July 2006 with HDB Corp allowed access into private sector projects from 2007 onwards.[48][49] 4 December - The Nicoll Highway reopens to traffic, months after the collapse.[50] 6 December - The Media Development Authority (MDA) approves the merger involving both MediaCorp' and Singapore Press Holdings' free-to-air television operations, first announced in September.[51] 13 December - Jetstar Asia Airways launches its first flights.[52] 29 December - The Boon Lay Extension of the East West MRT line is announced. The 3.8 km (2.4 miles) extension will be finished by 2009, with 2 elevated stations to be built.[53] 31 December - MediaCorp and Singapore Press Holdings (SPH) complete their merger, creating the new holding company MediaCorp TV. Channel i ceased transmission the following day, while Channel U joined MediaCorp. In addition, Streats prints its last issue, merging into Today the next day.[54][55] Radio station Lush 99.5FM starts transmission.[56] MediaCorp and Singapore Press Holdings (SPH) complete their merger, creating the new holding company MediaCorp TV. Channel i ceased transmission the following day, while Channel U joined MediaCorp. In addition, Streats prints its last issue, merging into Today the next day.[54][55] Radio station Lush 99.5FM starts transmission.[56] 21 February - Khoo Teck Puat - Banker and hotel owner (b. 1917).[57] 1 June - Liu Kang - Artist (b. 1911).[58] 7 July - Phyllis Eu Cheng Li - First woman elected into office in Singapore (b. 1914). 6 August - Lien Ying Chow - Founder of Overseas Union Bank (b. 1906).[59][60] 29 August - Lin Chen - Theatre director and playwright (b. 1919).[61] 16 November - Goh Sin Tub - Writer (b. 1927).[62] 4 December - Pacita Abad - Painter (b. 1946). 7 December - Cheng Yik Hung - Founder of Wing Tai Group (b. 1911).[63] Christopher Henry Rothwell Allen - Actor, director, winner of 1983 Cultural Medallion for Theatre (b. 1933).[64]"
Morris Simmonds;" Morris Simmonds (14 January 1855, St. Thomas – 4 September 1925, Hamburg)  was a German physician and pathologist. He was born in St. Thomas, then part of the Danish West Indies (now the United States Virgin Islands). In 1861 he emigrated with his family to Hamburg, Germany.[1]  In 1879 he received his doctorate from the University of Kiel, where he worked as an assistant to Arnold Ludwig Gotthilf Heller and Friedrich von Esmarch. In 1889 he began work as a prosector at St. Georg Hospital in Hamburg and in 1909 attained the title of professor. In 1919 he was named an honorary professor at the newly established University of Hamburg.[1]  His special field of interest was the endocrine glands.[1] His name is associated with "Simmonds' disease", defined as a form of hypopituitarism in which all pituitary secretions are lacking. In 1914 he was the first to describe the diseases' clinical features that were associated with destruction of the anterior lobe.[2]    This article about a German person in the field of medicine is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Die ätiologische Bedeutung des Typhus-Bacillus. Untersuchungen aus dem allgemeinen Krankenhause zu Hamburg (with Eugen Fraenkel), Hamburg 1886 – The etiological significance of typhoid bacillus. Über Form und Lage des Magens unter normalen und abnormen Bedingungen. Jena, 1907.[3] Ueber Hypophysisschwund mit tödlichem Ausgang. In: Deutsche Medizinische Wochenschrift, vol. 40, No. 7 [= 12 February 1914], Berlin 1914, pp. 322–323."
Taste (Australian band);"   Taste were an Australian band, active in the 1970s, and was originally called Cloud Nine.   The band consisted of Ken Murdoch (guitars, vocals and keyboards), Michael Gemini (bass), Joey Amenta and Virgil Donati (drums).  In 1975, the group changed their name to Taste.  As Taste, the group released two studio album which peaked inside the Australian top 20.  In 1970, Ken Murdoch and Michael Tortoni formed Cloud 9 (aka Cloud Nine) while still at high school. Cloud 9 issued a debut single on Warner Records, called "Say Goodbye" produced by Ian Molly Meldrum in 1973. In 1974, Virgil Donati and Tony Farrimond (vocals) joined and the band signed to RCA.[1]  Cloud 9 released the album We're Just Good Friends… So Rock On and the singles "Summertime Blues" and "Take My Hand".[1]  In 1975, Joey Amenta replaced Farrimond and the band changed their name to Taste. At the end of the year, the band signed to the Bootleg label.[1]  In June 1976, the band released "Tickle Your Fancy" / "Rock 'n' Roll Superstar", which peaked at number 18 on the Australian charts. Taste's debut album Tickle Your Fancy was released in July 1976 and peaked at number 19.The group's biggest hit came with "Boys Will Be Boys", which peaked at number 14 in January 1977. "A Little Romance" was followed by "Rebecca" proceeding the band's second album Knights of Love in September 1977.[1]  The band re-formed in the mid 2000s and recorded album Rock is Dead.[citation needed]  Damian Corniola joined the group and together the group released Life On Earth.[citation needed]  In 2020, they released the EP Brothers Vol 1 which included "We All Stand Up" which garnered over 136 radio station add lists and the single "2020s Gone" which charted at No.6 in Madrid.[citation needed]  Released: 1975 Label: RCA (VPL1-0075) Formats: Cassette, LP Released: July 1976 Label: Bootleg (BLA 053) Formats: Cassette, LP Released: September 1977 Label: Philips (6357050) Formats: Cassette, LP Released: 2007 Label: MelodicrockRecords Formats: CD, download Released: 27 Mary 2016 Label: MelodicrockRecords Formats: CD, download Released: 2015 Label: MR records Formats: CD, download Released: 17 December 2020[3] Label: Melodicrock Records (MRR109) Formats: CD, download, streaming"
William Beauclerc Otway;" William Beauclerc Otway (c.1819 – after 1866) was a mid-nineteenth-century dragoon, overland emigrant, merchant, mineralogist, gold-miner and quartz-crusher. He is credited with being the first person to crush quartz for gold at Ballarat and for an early attempt to mine and process silver ore at St Arnaud.[3]  Born about 1819,[1][2] Otway joined the US Army Second Dragoons in May 1840 at the age of twenty, enlisting at New York. He served for a single five-year stint and was discharged at New Orleans having attained the rank of second sergeant.[3][2] Some years later he participated in the California Gold Rush[3][4][5] before settling in Portland, Oregon Territory, where he became a merchant.[6]  He married Rebecca Abrams in San Francisco on 28 July 1852.[1]  The Otways sailed to Australia in 1853, disembarking at Melbourne on 27 December[7][5] and arriving at Ballarat three weeks later[8] where they built a home on top of Black Hill.[9]  Otway chaired a dinner honouring US Consul James M. Tarleton on 28 November 1854 held to show American support for the government in the face of increasing agitation by the miners in the lead-up to the Eureka Rebellion.[5][3][11]  Three weeks after the Eureka Rebellion Otway gave evidence at the Gold Fields Commission of Enquiry. He was not questioned about the rebellion, and the bulk of his evidence was about the practicalities of mining and its regulation.[8][3] Notably, he states that his was the only quartz-crushing venture then at Ballarat, and he is often credited with being the first to mechanically crush quartz at Ballarat.[12][11][3][13][14][15][5][16][17] He publicly launched his patented "improved" Chilean mill in January 1855,[14] but the venture appears to have failed commercially. 'Willie' and Rebecca moved to Steiglitz,[3] where his only son, Willie Dow Otway, was born on 16 January 1858.[1] A quartz reef at Steiglitz was originally named after Otway, but was later renamed as the Copenhagen.[5]  Otway's Alpha Silver Mining Company, formed in 1861, was the second mining company at St Arnaud and the first to attempt to specifically mine for silver. After considerable investment in leases and equipment, the mine was acknowledged as a failure by 1863, and the assets sold off in 1864.[18]  There is no known record of Otway's death. The memorial to him and his family in St Arnaud cemetery suggests his family believed he may have gone to Western Australia.[19]  Otway Street in Ballarat, Victoria[3] and Otway Creek near Mangana, Tasmania, were named after him.  Second Dragoons Ballarat History Eureka Rebellion"
Øivind Jensen;"   Øivind Jensen (17 January 1905 – 9 January 1989) was a Norwegian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics. In 1924 he was eliminated in the second round of the middleweight class after losing his fight to Harry Henning.[1]    This biographical article related to a Norwegian boxer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Pulichinthala Project;"   The Pulichintala Project is a multi-purpose water management project for irrigation, hydropower generation, and flood control in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India.[3] It is a crucial irrigation facility for farmers in four coastal districts: West Godavari, Krishna, Guntur, and Prakasam, covering over 13 lakh acres. It has 24 gates and a balancing reservoir with a capacity of 46 Tmcft at 175 feet (53 m) MSL full reservoir level (FRL).[3]  In 1911, British engineer Col. Ellis proposed an irrigation project upstream of the Prakasam Barrage. At the time, the British government showed little interest in the proposition.[4] Later, the Raja of Muktyala led the push for the Pulichintala Project with the help of Moturi Satyanarayana and K.L Rao.[4][5][6] It was the first project to start under the ambitious Jalayagnam program in the year 2004. https://irrigationap.cgg.gov.in/wrd/static/approjects/KLRaoProject.html Financial tie-up happened in 2009 and commenced in 2009.  On 7 December 2013, the project was ready for a trial run,[7] and it started impounding water in August 2014.[8] It was fully completed in September 2018.[9] The total cost of the project exceeded Rs.1850 crores.[citation needed]  The irrigation facility is in the Pulichintala village, located in the Guntur district near the Krishna River.[10] It is between the Vykuntapuram barrage (near Amaravati) and the Nagarjuna Sagar dam.[11] It has a 30 Tmcft live storage capacity to impound river floodwaters generated from the catchment area located downstream of Nagarjuna Sagar Tail Pond. The project reservoir provides a water supply to the downstream Prakasam Barrage that then can be sent out through the Pattiseema lift/Polavaram irrigation canal during monsoon months.  The Vellatur lift irrigation scheme (constructed near 16°42′44″N 80°00′29″E﻿ / ﻿16.71222°N 80.00806°E﻿ / 16.71222, 80.00806﻿ (Pulichintala lift scheme)), irrigates 13,000 acres  in the Nalgonda district. It draws water from the Pulichintala reservoir.[12] The lift can pump water from 120 feet (37 m) MSL when the reservoir's gross storage is as low as 4 Tmcft. The proposed Yadadri Thermal Power Plant would also draw water from the reservoir.  The Godavari Penna River linking project was constructed to stabilize the existing irrigated area under the Nagarjuna Sagar right canal. The new lift would have greenfield alignment, and its first phase consists of five-step ladder pumping stages that transfer 7,000 cusecs of Godavari River water from Prakasam Barrage to deliver 73 Tmcft of Godavari water into the Nagarjuna Sagar right canal near Nekarikallu.[clarification needed]  With FRL 25M the newly created Vykuntapuram Barrage pond will have backwaters beyond Pokkunuru up to the toe of the Pulichinthala Project. It is more economical to construct the first stage pump house to lift water from the Prakasam Barrage backwater into the newly created Vykuntapuram Barrage pond and the second Lift stage from the Vykuntapuram Barrage pond to the existing K.L Rao Sagar Pulichintala Project and later lift Stages from K.L Rao Sagar to Nagarjuna Sagar right canal. It will shorten the length of this lift project canal, Pressure Main and fewer lift stages and also enable to lift of water up to Srisailam Project via the existing Reversible Reverse turbine pump houses in Nagarjuna Sagar Dam and its tail pond project. It is even more economical if the construction of a new gravity canal from Ibrahimpatnam to Vykuntapuram Barrage pond to deliver the Polavaram right main canal/ Budameru diversion canal waters directly into the Vykuntapuram barrage pond since Polavaram right main canal level is 33 m MSL at Ambapuram hill near Vijayawada.  A low-level, lift canal from the Krishna river located near 16°42′50″N 80°08′24″E﻿ / ﻿16.71389°N 80.14000°E﻿ / 16.71389, 80.14000 at 20 metres (66 ft) MSL downstream of Pulichintala dam will be executed to feed Godavari water diverted from Polavaram Dam to some of the existing command area (situated below 60 m MSL) under Nagarjuna Sagar right bank canal to facilitate the extension of Nagarjuna Sagar right bank canal connecting Kandaleru feeder canal / Somasila Dam reservoir serving irrigation needs in Prakasam, Potti Sriramulu Nellore and Chittur districts including Chennai drinking water supply. A branch from this lift canal is also extended up to Pulichinthala dam (FRL 53.34 m MSL) to store Godavari water in Pulichintala reservoir during drought years and to irrigate lowlands along the Krishna river up to Pulichintala dam.[13]  Nagarjuna Sagar tail pond"
Sonapur, Banke;" Sonapur is a village development committee in Banke District in Lumbini Province of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,551 and had 1051 houses in the town.[1]    This article about a location in the Banke District of Nepal is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
T. S. Raghavendra;"   T. S. Raghavendra (19 September 1945 – 30 January 2020) was an Indian actor, playback singer and occasional music director who concentrated on Tamil-language films. As an actor, he was known as the father character of actress Revathi in Vaidehi Kathirunthal.[2]  He also gave music for a few films like Uyir (old Tamil film), Padikkatha Paadam and Yaaga Saalai.[3]  His wife Sulochana is also a singer[4] His daughter Shekinah Shawn (born Prasanna Raghavendar) who is popular as an Opera singer and daughter Kalpana is also playback singer.[4][5]  1999 Pushpanjali 2000-2001 Anandha Bhavan - Ganga's father-in-law 2004-2009 Kolangal - "Church Father" Rafael 2007-2008 Athi Pookal - Easwari's father-in-law"
Johan Andersen;" Johan Andersen may refer to:  Johan Andersen (politician) (1902–1968), Norwegian politician for the Labour Party Johan Andersen (canoeist) (1920–2003), Danish Olympic flatwater canoer Jesse Anderson (Yu-Gi-Oh! GX), a fictional character in the anime series Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Johan Vilhelm Andersen (1892–1971), Danish painter Johan Anderson (born 1971), former Australian tennis player Johan Andersson (disambiguation)"
Disa stairsii;"   Disa bakeri Rolfe  Disa gregoriana Rendle   Disa luxurians Kraenzl. Disa wissmannii Kraenzl.[2]  Disa stairsii is a species of Disa of the family Orchidaceae that can be found growing with the giant heathers on the Rwenzori Mountains of mountains in East Tropical Africa as well as in the Congo in West-Central Tropical Africa.[3][4]  Common in the heathbelt of the Ruwenzori Range Disa stairsii is cardinal red, distinct from the other foliage by its single spur which is borne on the top of its flower and is generally growing in moss between the altitudes of 2,800 - 3,400 meters (9,200 - 11,000 feet).[4]  On Kilimanjaro D. stairsii also grows among the heath  along with Erica arborea and Erica rossi, is "small pink flowered" and is hidden by clumps of grasses along with the white flowered Anemone thomsonii.[5]    This Orchidoideae-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Jinzō Toriumi;"   Jinzō Toriumi (鳥海 尽三, Toriumi Jinzō, February 1, 1929 – January 17, 2008) was a Japanese screenwriter who first began his career during the "revolutionary era" of Japanese animation on Mach GoGoGo (Speed Racer), Science Ninja Team Gatchaman (Battle of the Planets/G-Force), and Yatterman.  Toriumi was born in the northern Japanese prefecture of Hokkaidō. After trying his hand at live-action at Nikkatsu,  he began writing animation scripts at Mushi Productions for Mighty Atom (Astro Boy) in 1964. He went on to devote himself full-time to television at Tatsunoko Production in 1965. He contributed to Casshern, Tekkaman and Time Bokan. He later began writing for such Sunrise works as Armored Trooper VOTOMS, Yoroiden Samurai Troopers (Ronin Warriors), Mister Ajikko. He also wrote the novel versions of Gatchaman, Shin Heiyōden and Dororo, as well as the Anime Scenario Nyūmon (The Introduction to Anime Scriptwriting).  He used the Anime Scenario Nyūmon book when he became a vocational school teacher for future generations of scriptwriters. He also chaired Ohtori Koubou, a support organization for scriptwriters. He received the (Scenario) Scriptwriting Award from the Japan Writers Guild on May 26, 2000.[1]  On January 17, 2008, he succumbed to liver cancer in a Tokyo hospital, aged 78. He was survived by his wife, Kazuyo.[1]  series planner/head writer denoted in bold Astro Boy (1965) Space Ace (1965-1966) Sally the Witch (1967-1968) Oraa Guzura Dado (1967-1968) Speed Racer (1967-1968) Himitsu no Akko-chan (1969) Judo Boy (1969) The Adventures of Hutch the Honeybee (1970-1971) Inakappe Taishō (1970-1972) Animentary: The Decision (1971) Science Ninja Team Gatchaman (1972) Pinocchio: The Series (1972)[2] Tamagon the Counselor (1972-1973) Demetan Croaker, The Boy Frog (1973) Casshan (1973-1974) New Honeybee Hutch (1974) Urikupen Kyūjotai (1974-1975) Tekkaman: The Space Knight (1975) Time Bokan (1975-1976) Gowappa 5 Gōdam (1976) Paul’s Miraculous Adventure (1976-1977) Temple the Balloonist (1977-1978) Yatterman (1977-1979) Uchū Majin Daikengo (1978-1979) Gatchaman II (1978-1979) Gatchaman Fighter (1979-1980) Zenderman (1979-1980) Space Warrior Baldios (1980) Zukkoke Knight - Don De La Mancha (1980) Anime Yasei no Sakebi (1982) Armored Trooper Votoms (1983-1984) Super Dimension Cavalry Southern Cross (1984) Panzer World Galient (1984-1985) Oraa Guzura Dado (1987-1988) Ronin Warriors (1988-1989) Mister Ajikko (1988-1989): eps 70-99 The Adventures of Hutch the Honeybee (1989-1990) Yokoyama Mitsuteru Sangokushi (1991-1992) Jungle King Tar-chan (1993-1994) Ginga Sengoku Gun'yūden Rai (1994-1995) Science Ninja Team Gatchaman: The Movie (1978) Kentauros no Densetsu (1987)"
Joseph Shen Bin;" Joseph Shen Bin (born 1970) (also written Giuseppe Shen Bin) is a bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Haimen and as of 2017[update], he is vice-president of Chinese Patriotic Catholic Association, created by PRC's State Administration for Religious Affairs as a government-sanctioned religious group.[2] He was ordained "with both government recognition and papal mandate" on April 21, 2010, his predecessor, Matthew Yu Chengcai, was not recognized by the Holy See.[1][3]    This article about a Catholic bishop or archbishop from China is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Great Sheffield Flood;"   The Great Sheffield Flood was a flood that devastated parts of Sheffield, England, on 11 March 1864, when the Dale Dyke Dam broke as its reservoir was being filled for the first time. At least 240 people died[1] and more than 600 houses were damaged or destroyed by the flood. The immediate cause was a crack in the embankment, the cause of which was never determined. The dam's failure led to reforms in engineering practice, setting standards on specifics that needed to be met when constructing such large-scale structures. The dam was rebuilt in 1875.  Sheffield is a city and subdivision of South Yorkshire, England. As the town industrialised, its population grew from 45,478 in 1801 to 185,157 in 1861. This rapid population growth resulted in greatly increased demand for water, which led to the construction of the Dale Dyke Dam for the purpose of providing a more efficient source of clean water. It was created by the Sheffield Waterworks Company (SWWC). During the late 1850s, the company purchased land in the Loxley Valley to the north-west of the town, on which to build a reservoir. By the 1860s the dam and its associated works had been passed as satisfactory and it was allowed to fill with water.[2]  On the night of 11 March 1864, assisted by a strong south-western gale, the newly built dam, known as the Dale Dyke Dam in Bradfield Dale near Low Bradfield on the River Loxley, collapsed while it was being filled for the first time. An estimated 3 million cubic metres (700 million imperial gallons) of water swept down the Loxley Valley, through Loxley Village and on to Malin Bridge and Hillsborough, where the River Loxley joins the River Don. The flood continued south down the Don into Sheffield centre, around the eastward bend of the Don at Lady's Bridge, then to Attercliffe, past the sites of what later became Don Valley Stadium, Sheffield Arena and Meadowhall Centre, and on to Rotherham. A wall of water moved swiftly down the valley, destroying everything in its course. The centre of the town, situated on the hill to the south, escaped damage, but the densely populated district of the Wicker, around the new railway viaduct (constructed by the Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway), was completely destroyed.[3] The waterworks company's consultant engineer, John Towlerton Leather, was one of a family of worthy Yorkshire engineers who were involved in such work. His uncle, George Leather, had been responsible for reservoirs around Leeds and Bradford, and one of these was the scene of a dramatic collapse, in 1852, when 81 people died.[3] John Leather and resident engineer John Gunson were working closely together during the construction of the dam. Leather designed the dam and oversaw its construction whereas Gunson directed and supervised the construction of the dam. Gunson was on site the night of the collapse and stated that there was a concerning crack in the outer slope of the embankment. Gunson convinced himself that the crack was not harmful but still took the precaution of opening up the valves on the middle of the embankment to allow more water through.[3] This failed to prevent the crack from worsening.  The mayor, Thomas Jessop, quickly set up a relief fund and help was provided for the homeless and needy. Sheffield was quickly supplied with aid wherever needed. The mayor ordered a meeting "For the purpose of considering and adopting such measures as may be deemed necessary to meet sufferings occasioned by this dreadful calamity",[2] raising over £4,000. On 18 March 1864 the mayor called another meeting, but this time it was for anyone who could afford it to give up one day's wage to give to those in need. A relief committee was created, and in total over £42,000 was raised.  The company denied any problems relating to their structure and design of the dam, and believed that the cause of the crack and the collapse involved a landslide or landslip. Public perception, informed by the Coroner's court and the press, saw the collapse as due to a failure in the mode of construction of the dam. The professional inquiry was conducted, and progressed to parliamentary investigations and institutional deliberations. The experts could not agree about the causes of the Dale Dyke collapse.[3] They noted that even with the cracks the collapse of the whole dam was unforeseeable. The corporation had found two men who either were or were becoming president and then found five other engineers, all of whom had already been or about to become presidents of the Civils.[clarification needed][3] They thought that on the basis of landslipping they would pardon the Sheffield Waterworks Company from any carelessness and that the collapse of the Dale Dyke Dam was an unpredictable accident. They continued:  We are moreover of the opinion that all the arrangements made by your engineers were such as might have been reasonably expected to have proved sufficient for the purposes for which they were intended and that, if the ground beneath the bank had not moved, this work would have been as safe and as perfect as the other five or six large reservoirs of the company which have so long supplied the town of Sheffield and the rivers Rivelin, Loxley and Don with water.[3] As for the physical damage in Sheffield and all the nearby areas hit in this short space of time, 238 people died and some 700 animals were drowned, 130 buildings were destroyed and 500 partially damaged, 15 bridges were swept away and six others badly damaged.[3] The engineering profession at this time possessed a weekly magazine, The Engineer, that provided both an excellent contribution to the technical press and a platform of public relations. An editorial headed "The Bradfield Reservoir" on 18 March 1864 reflected the anxiety of the moment:  Its fall, coupled with that of the failure of the Holmfirth reservoir ... show that the practice of civil engineering is far from what it should be ... That the forthcoming investigation will be of the most searching character there can be no doubt.[3] A fortnight later, under the same title, it went on:  The broken dam was constructed much according to the ordinary practice in such works. It failed nonetheless ...That the Bradfield dam was lamentably defective no one can doubt ... The Bradfield catastrophe,[4] in its way, is a useful warning to the whole profession.[3] The claims for damages formed one of the largest insurance claims of the Victorian period.  The collapse of the Dale Dyke Dam led to reforms in engineering practice. The court criticised the design and the construction of the dam. They focused on things such as the placing of the outlet pipes, the puddle wall thickness, the method by which the embankment had been built up from railway tip-wagons, the inadequacy of the overflow arrangements, and the practice of removing spoil for the embankment from the area to be flooded.[3] This then set standards on specifics that needed to be met when constructing such large-scale structures as the Dale Dyke Dam. The Dale Dyke dam was eventually rebuilt in 1875, but on a smaller scale. As for John Gunson, most of the blame fell on him, although the company recognised his loyalty by retaining him in its service until he died in 1886.[3] The Government started a Board of Inundation Commissioners to pass judgement for compensation claims against the Waterworks Company. They also arbitrated 7,500 claims for loss of life and property which totalled £455,000. All but 650 claims were settled without recourse to the arbitration process, but those 650 claims took almost six months to process. The claims registers record the claimant, their marital status and address, as well as details of the claim and the outcome, and amount awarded in compensation. They provide a unique insight into mid-Victorian Sheffield's trade and industry with claims listed for stock, tools and premises damaged and lost. The claims for furniture, clothes, books, toys and household utensils and goods help build up a picture of workers' lives at the time.[2] A flood memorial stone marks the site of the original dam wall and footpaths to explore the area.[5]  March 2014 saw the 150th anniversary of the disaster. Events took place to commemorate the occasion, including an illustrated talk and exhibition at Low Bradfield Village Hall, guided walks to the dam, memorial services at both St Nicholas, High Bradfield and St Polycarps, Malin Bridge, and a public talk at the University of Sheffield by the Institution of Civil Engineers and the British Dam Society. A commemorative tankard and plate were produced by the Bradfield Historical Society and the Bradfield Brewery produced a special "flood beer" known as Dam It.[6] The duo Toffee Music recorded a CD of Great Sheffield Flood songs.[7]  Floods in Sheffield 2007 Great Sheffield Gale, a lesser known disaster which devastated the city 98 years later List of disasters in Great Britain and Ireland by death toll List of deadliest floods"
COVID-19 pandemic in Jersey;"   The COVID-19 pandemic in the Bailiwick of Jersey is part of an ongoing global pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), a novel infectious disease caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). The first case in Jersey was confirmed on 10 March 2020 when a person tested positive on the island after returning from Italy.  The Government of Jersey's strategy since lockdown has been "suppress, contain and shield."[2] This involves delaying the spread of the virus, avoiding vulnerable people from catching it, helping the island's health service cope with the number of people requiring hospital care and saving as many lives as possible.[3] It acknowledged that many islanders would become infected, and has sought to ensure that the best possible medical care is available to them.  A new coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) was first identified in Wuhan, Hubei, China, in late December 2019 as the cause of a cluster of cases of an acute respiratory disease now referred to as coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19).[4] As of 31 March 2020, more than 190 countries and territories have been affected, with major outbreaks in China, Italy, South Korea and Iran.[5][6] On 11 March, the World Health Organization (WHO) characterised the spread of COVID-19 as a pandemic.[7][8]    On 30 January the Government of Jersey made its first announcement about the virus, saying that its cross-Government review group met that morning to discuss the situation.[9] The following day the Government issued travel advice for islanders returning from affected areas of China.[10]  On 19 February 2020, a helpline was set up to answer islanders' questions about Coronavirus.[11] It is manned by staff from Customer & Local Services, Health and Community Services and Environmental Health. As of 9 April it was handling on average 550 calls per day.[12]   On 10 March, the first case had reached the island – the infected person had travelled from Italy.[13] The following day a second case was confirmed.[14]  On 12 March, the advice from Senator John Le Fondré, Chief Minister of Jersey was to maintain a semblance of normal life, including continuing to go on holidays off-island,[15] but by 14 March his advice changed, requesting over-65s to start social distancing,[16] and on 20 March he extended this advice to islanders of all ages.[17] Islanders had to avoid non-essential travel.[18][19]  By 20 March there were 10 confirmed cases in Jersey, two of which were believed to have been contracted within the island rather than by inbound travel.[20][21]  From 20 March, all travellers arriving on the island, other than essential workers, were required to self-isolate for 14 days.[19] From midnight on 26 March those aged over 65 and people with certain underlying medical conditions were required to self-isolate.[22] On 28 March, islanders were told that if one or more people in a household develop COVID-19 symptoms then all the other members of the household must also self-isolate for 14 days.[23]  On 26 March, the Chief Minister called for young people to heed the social distancing advice for the sake of their family members, and bemoaned the spread of unhelpful rumours by conspiracy theorists over social media.[24]  On 30 March, ten patients with COVID-19 were being treated at the hospital.[25] On the evening of 29 March, the Chief Minister announced a lockdown, effective from 8 am the following morning. Islanders were required to stay at home other than for up to 2 hours for specific purposes unless they were employed in an essential function. The reasons to be outside the home included: shopping for basic necessities (as infrequently as possible), daily socially distanced exercise and for any medical needs. Islanders were permitted to travel to any part of the island for fresh air and essential shopping (but travel time was included in the 2 hour limit). People were encouraged to take advantage of large open spaces such as beaches and the countryside.[26]  The States Assembly passed new legislation, including a law to empower the police to remove people from public areas, enforce self-isolation, testing and screening, and detain those who are potentially infected.[27] On 3 April, a Ministerial Decision was signed to keep schools closed until the 1 May at least, except for essential workers' children and some vulnerable children.[28]  On 6 April, the number of confirmed cases totalled 169. 19 patients at the hospital were being treated for COVID-19. More granular data began to be reported, and on 15 April, Charlie Parker, Chief Executive of the Government of Jersey, stated that there were 21 patients with COVID-19 being treated at the Jersey General Hospital with eight others 'elsewhere in other hospital settings'.[29]  By 20 April the Government had started to report the number of patients who had recovered: 118 cases, almost 50% of confirmed cases, were now classified as recovered. In hospital there were 63 patients of which 14 were COVID-19 positive.[30] The Chief Minister had said that antibody testing would be key to the ending of the lockdown with 10,000 kits arriving in Jersey in mid-April, which were being tested, with a further 150,000 on order from a different supplier.[31] On 24 April the initial lockdown was extended, until at least 11 May.[32]  Informal Governmental discussions on a plan for removing restrictions began in mid-April with the intention to enter formal discussions by the end of the month.[33]  Jersey's exit from lockdown was managed through the Government of Jersey's "Safe exit framework". The framework was composed of four levels:[34]  2–4 hour time limit  6 hours time limit  14 day isolation on entry  Hospitality closed  Outdoor service  From 11 May there was a gradual relaxation of the "stay at home" rules – the island moved to 'level 3' which allowed people to leave their homes for up to six hours a day and to meet with up to five people per day from other households. Initially, the two metre physical distancing continued to be required outside the home and extremely vulnerable people were required to continue to self isolate. Restaurants and cafes were permitted to serve food in outside seated areas, and large non-essential businesses could operate, all subject to social distancing.[35] A week later, all retail premises were allowed to open, as long as they maintained two-metre physical distancing.[36]  From 29 May the restrictions on time spent outside were lifted, and people were permitted to enter other peoples homes provided no more than five others enter the home. People were required to continue to maintain two-metre physical distancing when outside their household. Fines of up to £1,000 could be imposed for illegal gatherings.[37]  From 8 June, dentists were allowed to carry out routine as well as emergency procedures, nurseries could open and schools could begin accepting some year groups.[38] On 26 June, the social distancing requirement halved to one metre, and from 1 July pubs were allowed to serve alcohol without a meal to seated customers.[39] On 30 June there were no known active cases and over 15,000 tests had been conducted in total.On 7 July the hospital started to allow adults to visit patients, but with number, time and safety conditions applying.[40]  On 8 August Jersey moved to 'level 1', with further relaxation of rules. The aim was to live safely with the virus, promoting SAFER hygiene/at a distance/in smaller groups/outside/when you can be contacted.[41]  At the start of the September term the schools opened to all children, with specific social distancing rules and staggered start times.[42]  From 1 July to 5 October, a breakdown of sources show two were identified whilst seeking healthcare, 83 were inbound travellers, three were admissions screening, four planned workforce screening and 20 from contact tracing.[43]  The number of new cases per week began to climb steadily from late September. In November, the Government announced the new "Covid-19 Winter Strategy" in an effort to prepare for winter and avoid a second lockdown. The plan comprised eight main actions:[2]  After a spike in new cases, on 30 November, the Chief Minister announced that face masks would be compulsory in shops, supermarkets, banks, on buses and in taxis, in health care settings, at hairdressers and at beauticians and encouraged remote work where possible. Those over 70 years old should avoid indoor contact with people from outside their household.[44]  The restrictions were increased three days later, with all pubs, bars, restaurants, gyms and fitness classes ordered to close within 24 hours, two metre social distancing is also reinstated with an expectation that these restrictions would continue until after New Year.[45]  By mid December, active cases passed 700 with care homes closing to visitors to try and stop new cases occurring as the vaccination of care home residents began.[46] On 17 December, it was announced a care home resident had died from COVID-19.[47]  On 31 December 2020 2,760 cases had been identified of which 556 were active and there had been 44 deaths.  On 7 January 2021, the Chief Minister announced the 'process for reconnection', the island's exit strategy from its second period of restrictions. Stage 1 on 11 January saw schools in the island return in full. Other measures would remain in place until at least 25 January, with Ministers announcing more lifting of restrictions on 21 January.[48]  On 24 January 2021, the Health Minister announced the island would move to Stage 2 of the re-connection strategy from 27 January and close-contact businesses from 3 February.[49] It was also announced that islanders would no longer need a referral note for a massage or acupuncture treatment when they reopen.[50] On 26 January, Health Minister Richard Renouf announced the move to Stage 2 would be delayed until 3 February (and close-contact businesses until 10 February) due to a cluster of infections related to staff working in the supply chain of the retail industry.[51] Non-essential retail re-opened from 3 February (nine days later than originally planned) and close-contact businesses were allowed to resume trade from 10 February.[51] On 3 February, it was reported that the town centre was busy, especially King Street.[52] An advisory 'Keep Left' one-way system was implemented on St Helier's high street to help maintain physical distancing.[53]  On 17 February 2021, the Chief Minister announced that further easing of restrictions would take place on 22 February with the island moving to Stage 3 of the re-connection roadmap. Stage 3 saw hospitality venues allowed to reopen as well as the resumption of all outdoor sport and the opening of visitor attractions. 2-metre distancing must be maintained and restaurants and cafés must follow strict guidance on mask wearing and table limits.[54] Alcohol can only be served with a substantial meal, which is either a main course or two starters - and not with light snacks.[55]  Stage 4 would have seen pubs and gyms, indoor swimming being allowed to reopen from 10 March (at the earliest). People will be able to meet others indoors.[56]  On 5 March 2021, Deputy Chief Minister Senator Lyndon Farnham set out the re-connection process to remove all COVID-19 restrictions in Jersey. Each stage will last for at least four weeks, higher than the earlier three weeks.[57][58]  An announcement on travel restrictions will come the week after.  Gyms can reopen  Outdoor gatherings (up to 20 people)  Drinks-only table service.  Remote work guidance lifted  All gatherings up to 20 people  Weddings/wakes up to 40 people  Standing alcohol drinking allowed  Nightclubs/live music/theatres can reopen  Large events can reopen  Full review of COVID-19 guidance  On 15 March, Jersey moved to Stage 4 of the reconnection. Indoor sporting events and venues are allowed to re-open. Indoor mixing of up to 10 people was permitted under guidance once again a day earlier for Mothering Sunday.[59]  On 19 March, the Government announced the reconnection strategy for travel. The island will return to regional classifications on the Green/Amber/Red framework from 26 April. From 17 May, all countries will move from all-red to regional classifications except those on the UK "red list" of travel banned countries.[60]  On 30 March, the reconnection pathway was updated to reflect lower case numbers. From 2 April, Good Friday, table-only drinks service will be permitted. From 12 April, the island moved to Stage 5 and the social distancing law and remote work guidance ended. Gathering sizes will be lifted in formal settings, such as in theatres and wedding receptions. Stage 6 will be altered so that standing alcoholic drinking can resume and Stage 7 will go ahead as already planned.[61]  As of 20 June 2021, the move to Stage 7 had been delayed. It was initially delayed by one week to the 21 June, however due to a number of inbound cases of the Delta variant, it was again delayed until the 5 July.[62] On 13 July 2021, the reconnection stage had still not happened, having been put back to 15 July. However, the 'Freedom Day' was again delayed again indefinitely, due to a large rise in Covid cases.[63]  On 21 July 2021, the government reintroduced the mandatory indoor mask mandate, requiring all islanders to wear masks in shops, restaurants and other indoor settings.[64] On 30 July 2021, the government reduced the mandatory isolation period for people with COVID and those who arrive at the border from 14 days to 10 days.[65]  On 26 August 2021, the island moved to Stage 7 of the reconnection strategy. All legal COVID-19 restrictions were removed, except from a mask mandate on public transport and at Ports of Jersey sites.[66]  On 30 November 2021, following similar moves in the UK in response to the Omicron variant, it was announced that all travellers into the island who had been outside the Common Travel Area in the past ten days would be required to take a PCR test, provided free of charge, upon arrival.[67]  On 30 December 2021, the Minister of Health reduced the isolation period to 7 days for positive cases, provided that two negative LFT tests were taken on day 6 and day 7. This followed a similar reduction taken in England.[68]  On 4 January 2022, in response to the Omicron variant, masks were made mandatory again in indoor settings. Work from home guidance was temporarily reintroduced. The requirement to be classed as fully vaccinated was raised to two vaccinations and a booster vaccination, though those fully vaccinated people would not need to do a test if they arrived in Jersey from outside the Common Travel Area.[69]  The first death from COVID-19 was on 25 March. The person was aged in their 80s, had long-term health conditions and had been receiving palliative care before contracting COVID-19.[70] On 29 March a second person died. They were in their 70s and had long-term health conditions before contracting the virus.[71] On 4 April, a third death was announced – a patient in their late 60s who had underlying health conditions.[72]  On 14 April the number of people that have died either under the care of Health & Community Services or in the community where the death certificate mentions COVID-19 increased to six.[73]  On 27 April the Chief Minister revealed that nine of those that had died had done so at the General Hospital, two at St Saviour's Hospital (a facility where mental illness is treated), seven in care homes and the other in their own home. Most were aged in their 70s, 80s or 90s.[74]  By 12 May deaths totalled 26, with 13 in hospital and 13 in the community of which 12 were in care homes. Three were between 50 and 70 years of age and seven were over 90. 38% female, 62% male.[75] On 20 May, the active cases had reduced to 21, of which two were in hospital. Deaths had increased to 29.  During the period 1 January to 7 June 2020 the number of registered deaths from all causes was 303, which was lower than in the same period in the years 2018 (389) and 2019 (344). This trend continued into October.[76]  Jersey is a self-governing Crown Dependency of the UK. Jersey's response has been entirely independent of that of the UK, however the island's response to the virus has at times been similar to that of the UK.  Jersey's response is led by the Government of Jersey and overseen by the Chief Minister Senator John Le Fondré, Health Minister Deputy Richard Renouf and Deputy Chief Medical Officer of Health Dr Ivan Muscat. Jersey's COVID-19 strategy has been to "delay, contain and shield" the virus. The present strategy is the "Covid-19 Winter Strategy".[2]  The strategy has been criticised by some with comparisons drawn to neighbouring Guernsey's response. Guernsey pursued an elimination strategy and has had less restrictions than Jersey since the summer, however has had much tighter border restrictions. Because of this, Guernsey has had fewer cases and deaths and has not experienced the large second wave Jersey did. The head of Jersey Business said it was not useful to draw comparisons between the islands since they have different economies.[77]  Initially tests were sent to Colindale in London for processing,[78] with results taking between 48 hours and five days.[79] In March arrangements were being made to establish a test facility on island, and this was expected to be ready as soon as the end of April 2020.[80] Five thousand test kits were ordered.[81]  On 15 March, a testing centre was opened at Five Oaks.[82]  On 2 April, the government announced that the 5,000 COVID-19 Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) tests that it had ordered were being supplied by Cepheid Inc in California and two other companies. 150,000 serology tests have been ordered from a UK supplier.[78] The serology tests would identify antibodies in people who have developed immunity. They were due to arrive in batches with the first batch expected in April.[78] They intended to test all households in order to enable a phased 'managed exit from the stay home restrictions'.[83] Islanders will be asked to attend mobile testing centres around the island.[78]  On-island testing commenced on 8 April, with the intention that laboratory staff would work 24 hours a day, seven days a week to be able to process same-day results.[84] The pathology manager said "Around 20 biomedical scientists and laboratory support staff have been trained to perform [the tests]."[84] Initially the lab was processing 75 tests a day, increasing to 120 a day from 15 April.[3]  In mid-April, 50,000 Healgen antibody detection kits were donated by Gary Hopkinson and Alex Shnaider to Jersey residents.[85]  By 10 May, the results of the antibody testing indicated that only a small proportion of the population had been infected to date.[35] Preliminary indications were of 3.1% ±1.3% infection (95% confidence) with a sample of 855 people.  On 26 May, the Government began offering free 15 minute blood tests to anyone who had worked away from home, to test for antibodies.[86]  The results of a second States of Jersey antibody testing report indicated around 4.2% of the population had contracted COVID-19 based on over 1,000 random tests conducted, with 62% of positive results stating they had not noticed any symptoms. A report by Orchid Care Services, based on 1,146 tests indicated 11% of those taking the test had COVID-19 anti-bodies in their blood.[87]  The testing equipment on the island was only being used when a result is needed urgently, such as when a patient is being admitted to hospital or discharged to a care home.[88] Less urgent tests were sent via a chartered aircraft to a private lab at the University of Warwick Science Park in Coventry, with results normally received within 24 hours.[89] This was because of a worldwide shortage of filters used in the testing machine.[89]  In August, the hospital announced it would set up a self-contained lab capable of testing 1,000 to 1,500 people per day.[88] This would be important as part of preparation for a second wave. The new equipment, which cost around £3 million, arrived in the island on 13 August to become operational in September. Aiming to cut the wait time to receive test results to around 12 hours,[90] the testing laboratory installed near the airport began processing tests in mid-September. It has a maximum capacity of 2,000 tests per day.[91]  December saw tests undertaken pass 200,000.[46] By 27 August 2021, a total of 660,633 tests had been conducted since 2021, of which 650,660 were negative.[92]  A healthcare provider in Jersey, Orchid Care Services, announced it would provide onsite COVID-19 IgG/ IgM Rapid Tests supplied by Californian company CTK Biotech, which have been approved by the Australian Government and had been used to test their own employees. The Government advised extreme caution in their use and would be unlikely to accept data obtained from their use.[93] The facility opened on Friday 15 May[94] and was shut down on 30 June after carrying out over 1,400 tests.[95] The company said it would continue to provide a testing service to businesses who want to screen their staff.  A law to regulate private testing facilities came into force on 15 July 2020.[96][97]  In August a doctor's surgery began offering a COVID-19 swabbing facility for Islanders who require proof of a test result in order to fulfil travel plans.[98]  The government introduced a contact tracing strategy, intended to identify people who have been in recent contact with someone who has tested positive for COVID. The contact testing team helps the individual to identify people they have been within two metres of for more than 15 minutes, or had direct physical contact with without wearing protective equipment.[99]  Businesses such as hair salons, restaurants and bars are required to collect contact information from customers in order to enable contact tracing if a customer is later tested positive.[100]  On 14 October a smartphone contract tracing app called 'Jersey Covid Alert' was launched. It was developed by NearForm at a cost of £240,000 and was based on the same system used in Ireland, Scotland, New York and New Jersey.[101] It is based on the Exposure Notification technology developed by Apple and Google. The app does not track the user's location and is decentralised, with no personal information held other than on the user's smartphone. Three weeks after launch the app had been downloaded over 38,000 times.[102]  At a press conference on 30 November, the Chief Minister announced that the contact tracing team was being expanded from 55 staff to at least 89.  On 12 March 2020, the Minister for Economic Development announced deferred social security and GST payments, and deferred rent for businesses where the government was the landlord.[103] On 20 March, he announced that government would pay a subsidy of up to £200 a week to workers in the hospitality, retail, wholesale and agriculture and fisheries industries until the end of April.[104] He announced an enhanced phase 2 package of support on 26 March, using the island's strategic reserve – the so-called 'rainy day fund' – to pay up to 80% of the wages of affected staff in certain industries, capped at £1,600 a month.[105]  The payroll co-funding system was extended on 1 June to run to the end of August 2020. Phase 1 covered March and cost around £2m, Phase 2 around £20m.[106]  In October 2020, the Council of Ministers decided to introduce a new financial support package, however this was overturned by the Treasury Department as it was not "good use of public money". Senator Lyndon Farnham applied a ministerial order to take responsibility for fund allocation.  The support was announced on 5 January 2021, the conditions for the new measures were announced for GST-registered businesses who had a minimum turnover of £300,000 and have suffered detriment to at least 50% of that.[107]  On 21 January 2021, Economy Minister Senator Lyndon Farnham announced a number of support measures for businesses during the circuit breaker. £12 million extra on improved payroll subsidies, £9.5 million for fixed costs support for all (not just hotels) and GST & Social Security deferral for Quarter 1 (January to April).[56]  On 10 July it was announced a number of measures including direct payments to low income households, every adult and child in Jersey would be given £100 in vouchers to spend locally and to help employment a reductions in social security contributions and a fiscal spending programme to help local businesses.[108]  The 2020 Government Plan announced a number of efficiencies measures totalling to £120 million. A further £386 million of debt may be taken out and £235 million will be diverted from the Social Security Fund.[109]  Jersey has its own health service, separate to the NHS.[110] Its Health & Community Services department has developed its own response to the virus, having planned for a possible pandemic since at least 2009.[111][112]  On 19 March, the Minister for Health and Community Services announced that the General Hospital would be closed to visitors.[113]  On 20 March government announced that non-essential operations and outpatient appointments would be cancelled for a four-week period.[114]  On 30 March the Chief Minister stated that ten patients were being cared for at the General Hospital,[115] and that the island had 27 ventilators. The island does not have its own extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) machine – patients needing one would normally be transferred to Southampton General Hospital.[116] People who have worked in the health sector such as dentists and pharmacists were asked to volunteer to support the health service.[117]  On 8 April, 17 residents at an unnamed care home were being treated for the virus.[118]  Military helicopters based at RNAS Culdrose in Cornwall are on standby to transport critically ill patients from Jersey to intensive care facilities at hospitals in the UK if necessary. They could also be used to fly in medicines, equipment and specialist doctors.[119]  The Deputy Medical Officer of Health Dr Ivan Muscat has had a prominent role in leading the health response to the pandemic.[120] He and Medical director Patrick Armstrong were appointed MBEs in the Queen's Birthday Honours in 2020.[121]  On 9 April the Government announced that a field hospital would be built on a playing field at Millbrook.[122] Sometimes described as a 'wing' of Jersey General Hospital, it is located adjacent to St Matthews Church, 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) from the main site. The so-called Nightingale hospital was expected to cost £14.4m and to take less than a month to build.[123] It would be 150m long and 30m wide, containing six wards of 30 beds each,[122] but could be expanded to contain up to 240 beds.[123] The field belongs to the family of Lord Trent.[122] The contractor building the site, J3 Limited, is a joint venture between Sir Robert McAlpine, Garenne Construction Group and FES Group. It was involved in building Nightingale hospitals in Glasgow and Manchester.[123]  On 4 May the construction was completed and the building passed to the control of the Health and Community Services department. On 11 May the hospital was opened by the Earl and Countess of Wessex via video link.[124] The Nightingale hospital wing remains unused.  On 14 August the Government announced that the facility would remain in place over the winter, with the lease having been extended to 31 March 2021. The total cost remained within the original budget.[125]  In June 2020 the States of Jersey published a report into the health aspects of the lockdown. Amongst the points made was that detentions by the police of people with mental health issues had risen and that five attempts at suicide could be linked directly to the lockdown causing mental health issues. The poorest seem to be hit hardest, widening the gap between the haves and have nots.[126]  In August it was announced that when a vaccine becomes available it will be offered to all for free, and the first to receive it will be the most vulnerable. The cost was estimated at £5m.[127]  In March, restrictions on funerals include a ban on church services and only a maximum of ten mourners who must be immediate family may attend was implemented.[128][129]  The island has capacity for the storage of 100 bodies across the hospital and funeral homes, but the Government prepared a temporary morgue called 'The Sanctum' in case the capacity was exceeded.[129]  In mid-April, the March ban on visiting dying patients was lifted to permit relatives wearing PPE to visit their loved ones.[130]  On 1 July restrictions were relaxed permitting 80 to attend funerals if the building permitted that number with social distancing.[131]  Broad Street in Saint Helier was closed in May 2020 to help physical distancing, similar to many other streets projects in response to the pandemic over the British Islands. The road is located in the town centre near King Street. At the time Infrastructure Minister Deputy Kevin Lewis suggested more projects, but did not give details. No further projects have been introduced. Delivery vehicles can still access the road between 7 am and 11 am and cyclists all day in both directions.[132]  The Chamber of Commerce criticised the move, saying that although the Minister had closed the street "according to the advice from the Medical Officer for Health", neither the Minister for Health nor the Medical Officer had been consulted. They said the closure "makes little sense" and a "long-held political wish of some".[133] They say the road is "largely unused by pedestrians" and that the closure "is affecting retailers".[134] A petition was introduced in opposition to the move, however did not gain enough signatures to achieve a States Assembly response. On 3 February 2021, an advisory 'Keep Left' one-way system was implemented on King Street to help maintain physical distancing.[53]  On 12 March 2020, the advice from Senator John Le Fondré, Chief Minister of Jersey was to maintain a semblance of normal life, including continuing to go on holidays off-island.[15] But on 14 March, the advice was changed so that only essential travel into and out of the island was recommended.[135]  From 20 March to 1 July 2020, all travellers arriving on the island, other than essential workers, were required to self-isolate for 14 days. All non-essential off-island travel was restricted during the lockdown.[19] Since 1 July 2020, Jersey's borders have been open, but with travel restrictions such as testing and self-isolation in place. Jersey has taken a rather different strategy from Guernsey, favouring keeping shorter self-isolation periods for entering the island.  As part of the Level 3 restrictions in the Government's reopening strategy, passengers arriving in the island since 1 June have been given an option to have a PCR test and if negative were not required to self-isolate for two weeks. If the test is positive they wererequired to undergo several additional tests with a finger prick blood serology test on the fourth and possibly additional PCR tests on fourth and seventh day after arrival.[136] From 3 July the restriction on non-essential travel was lifted. Islanders and tourists were allowed to travel in and out of the island without permission. Passengers must pre-register on the government website before travelling, including declaring anywhere they have travelled in the past 14 days. The default requirement is to self-isolate for 14 days upon arrival in the island, but travellers can opt-in to the 'Safer Travel Testing Programme' to have a shorter isolation period. Since 8 July, all countries and regions are classified using a "traffic light" system, either green, amber or red. Passengers must be tested on day 0, day 5 and day 10 from their arrival in Jersey. The self-isolation requirements are as follows.[137]  Originally, the testing only took place on day 0 for Green and Red arrivals, and on day 0 and day 5 for Amber arrivals. Those arriving from Red countries were required to self-isolate for 14 days without exception, while those arriving from Green countries had no self-isolation requirement at all.[138]  On 27 August, the categorisation of the UK, Ireland and France moved to a regional level, and the UK to a local authority level.[139] From 13 October all arrivals to the Island are required to self-isolate until they receive their first negative test.[140]  In mid November the testing and isolation regime was changed to its present form, with tests on arrival, day 5 and day 10, with isolation reduced to 10 days for red zone arrivals, first negative test for green zones and after day 5 negative result for amber areas.[141]  On 22 December 2020, the Government placed all UK regions on the "red" list in response to the new UK variant at the time, including those transiting through the UK.[142] On 15 January 2021, all regions and countries were classed as "red", with Guernsey being classed as "amber" due to a growing number of COVID-19 variants being discovered around the world.[143]  As of 21 January 2021, the border testing programme has identified 339 cases of the 3,097 total confirmed cases. There have been 135,599 cases identified through the programme since 1 July.[144]  On 26 April 2021, the island's travel restrictions returned to a traffic-light model as before for destinations in the British Islands. International travel will resume on the 17 May. As of 18 March, despite all regions still being classed as red, 18% of regions in the British Isles (including Ireland) would be green, 50% would be amber and 32% would be red. A free travel 'air bridge' is being considered for travel between Jersey and Guernsey.[60] The Safe Travel Guidelines Review Panel of the States have suggested that the criteria should be tightened before restrictions are lifted. This would see the criteria for a place to be categorised as green reduced to 25 from 50 cases per 100,000 people.[145]  Senator Lyndon Farnham, the Economic Development Minister, has suggested that Covid-safety certificates could be introduced to ease travel restrictions, with those fully-vaccinated arriving from amber countries being classed as 'green'.[146]  On 10 May, it was announced a new travel policy would be implemented from 28 May. The regions system in place for the UK was replaced by a system based on the nations of the UK, with each country having a single classification. These changes were applied retrospectively. The traffic light system restarted for all destinations, based on the UK traffic light system. The testing requirements changed as follows:[147]  Isolate until result of Day 0 test  No isolation requirement  Isolate until result of Day 5 test  Isolate until result of Day 10 test  From 15 June, Amber classifications will no longer be used for the UK. Instead, 'green' and 'red' zones shall be used for UK nations, with 'Emergency Brakes' in place in hotspots suffering from the Delta variant. Initially, Scotland was classed as red and the rest of the UK classed as green, with hotspot areas classed as red. The isolation requirements will change as follows:[148]  Isolate until result of Day 0 test  FAST TRACK: Those with a negative PCR test up to 72 hours before arrival do not need to isolate on arrival.  Day 0 test No isolation requirement  Isolate until result of Day 5 test  Isolate until result of Day 10 test  Isolate until result of Day 0 test  On 17 June 2021, it was announced that from 29 June, all of England would be classified as red due to a rise in cases in that country, caused by the Delta variant, with a number of emergency brakes from 22 June. However, restrictions were loosened for under-19s, who from 22 June will be treated as green regardless of travel history.[149]  The first supply of around 1,000 doses of the Pfizer/BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine arrived on Island on 8 December,[150] with the first vaccination given on 13 December to an 87 year old. The second batch of 1,950 doses arrived on 15 December. On 6 January 2021 the island received 900 doses of the Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine, which were rolled out starting from 18 January.[151]  On 19 March, the island's telecommunications operators announced a free increase in broadband speed to 1 Gbit/s for all subscribers.[152]  In January 2021 during the second wave of the virus, the premises of the Royal Jersey Agricultural and Horticultural Society in Trinity were turned into a temporary court.[153]  In the early stages of the pandemic the Government of Jersey was criticised for inadequate communication[154] and for initially not releasing certain statistics citing data protection reasons.[155] Jersey's introduction of on-island testing was slower than neighbouring Guernsey.[156] In common with most other jurisdictions Jersey suffered from shortages in personal protective equipment (PPE).[157] The media also criticised the lack of a published plan for exiting lockdown.[158]  The approach taken by Jersey has been markedly different to Guernsey.[159] Jersey adopted a 'suppress, contain and shield' strategy,[160] re-opening its borders in June with an extensive testing and contact tracing strategy, while Guernsey followed an elimination strategy, requiring most arrivals to self-isolate for seven or fourteen days.[161] Jersey's approach was called into question during Jersey's second wave which saw 1,748 new cases in Jersey during December[162] compared to nine in Guernsey.  Guernsey Deputy Peter Ferbrache called Jersey's government 'a bunch of bumbling idiots' and said that his island was a 'much, much, much better run bailiwick' and Jersey businesses might regret setting up the island.[163] He was later in 2020 elected as Guernsey's Chief Minister.[164]  On 20 January 2021, it was revealed that Ministers did not consult STAC before introducing the original plans to limit gatherings over Christmas or the ban on care home visits, despite Ministers claiming decisions were made on the advice of the cell.[165]  On 21 January 2021, a "group of key players" in the event, entertainment and nightclub industry criticised the government's support packages, warning they were "on the brink of collapse". This could lead to delays and cancellations of future events, including Liberation Day. The group state that "this is not due to our businesses being unviable or any failings in the businesses, but solely due to the Government's restrictions that we have been suffering from for 10 months and which might go on for another six or eight months."[107]  On 18 March, the Government was criticised by the Corporate Services Scrutiny panel for not being transparent enough in pandemic-based decision making.[166]  As of December 2020, it is forecast the pandemic will cost £400 million, with a further £400 million tax revenue lost between 2020 and 2023.[109]  On 17 March 2020, Cineworld announced the closure of the only cinema on the island.[167]  On 22 March 2020, ministers announced that pubs, bars and nightclubs should close.[168]  On 23 March 2020, government announced that its sports centres would close,[169] and Jersey Zoo announced that it would be closed from 24 March until further notice.[170]  In late February, stocks of hand sanitiser were running low,[171] and in early March, Jersey supermarkets reported unprecedented demand for certain items such as toilet roll. Some retailers introduced restrictions to prevent people from stockpiling.[172]  In summer 2021, due to continued travel restrictions in place in the UK, Jersey may see economic benefits from domestic tourism. Being in the Common Travel Area, travel restrictions do not apply for journeys from the island to the UK. In June 2021, easyJet announced 12 further UK routes, and low-fare airline Wizz Air would start intra-Common Travel Area services from Jersey.[173]  On 18 March, it was announced that all schools and colleges would close for at least four weeks starting from 23 March.[174] People deemed to work in essential roles could apply for their children to attend school or child care so that they could continue to perform their roles.[175]  In March the Lions Club announced that its Swimarathon, a charity fund raising swimming event due to have over 3,500 participants would not take place in 2020.[176] Organisers of the 75th Liberation Day celebrations announced that they would be scaled back.[177] The parish of Saint Helier later announced that they would be holding a series of online events on Liberation Day.[178] The organisers of the Jersey Battle of Flowers announced that the event, which was next due to take place in August 2020, would be cancelled for the first time in 70 years.[179] Organisers of the 2020 TMF Island Walk announced that the annual sponsored round-the-island walk due to take place on 20 June would be postponed until later in the summer or may not take place. The event usually attracts 1,500 walkers.[180]  The 2020 edition of the Siam Cup — the annual rugby contest between Guernsey and Jersey and the second-oldest rugby trophy in existence — would be played in May 2021.[181] The Muratti Vase, the inter-island football competition, was also postponed.[182]  In August the organisers of the Weekender Festival, the largest music festival in the Channel Islands, announced that the event due to take place in September 2020 had been postponed until September 2021.,[183] Around 9,000 people were due to attend.[184]  In August 2021, it was again postponed until September 2022. Organisers said any changes to restrictions before September would be "too little, too late".[185]  The Jersey International Air Display which was due to take place on 10 September was cancelled due to concerns over whether spectators would follow the social distancing rules.[186] The Jersey round of the Super League Triathlon scheduled for 19–20 September was also cancelled as level one of the exit from lockdown restricts sporting events to 40 spectators.[187]  On 3 March, France and Germany were added to the list of countries from which travellers would need to self-isolate for 14 days.[188]  On 5 March, the airline Flybe which had been founded in Jersey and serviced the most air routes from the island went into administration, citing Coronavirus as part of the reason for its collapse.[189] On 11 March, Channel Islands airline Blue Islands announced that flights between Jersey and London City Airport would be cancelled temporarily.[190]  On 20 March, Blue Islands announced that flights between Jersey and Guernsey would be suspended.[191] On 28 March, Jersey Airport announced that British Airways flights between Gatwick and Jersey would be suspended from 31 March until the end of April.[192] On 30 March, EasyJet announced that it was grounding its entire fleet until further notice. EasyJet operated several flights a day between Jersey and London Gatwick as well as to eight other regional airports such as Liverpool.[193]  On 1 April, the Jersey government announced that it was in negotiation with Blue Islands for the airline to provide continuity of air travel to the UK for passengers whose travel was deemed essential.[194] This was agreed and from 20 April three regular flights would be flown to Southampton per week. On 20 April, it was announced that nobody would be allowed to board a Blue Islands aircraft without government approval for the journey.[195] Everyone arriving in the Island is subject to 14 days self-isolation unless exempted, each application for exemption being treated on its merits.[196]  From 26 May, Blue Islands would run a weekly flight to Gatwick.[197] On 16 June, Jersey's Treasury Minister revealed in the States Assembly that Government was considering a £10m loan to Blue Islands to ensure the continuation of lifeline links to and from the island.[198]  For a time in November 2020, British Airways suspended flights to the island leaving Blue Islands and EasyJet as the only airlines operating to Jersey. On Saturday 21 November there were no commercial flights in or out of the island, a very rare accordance. Inter-island flights are seldom cancelled, even during the air travel disruption after the 2010 Eyjafjallajökull eruption.[199]  On 13 March, Condor Ferries announced that the Commodore Clipper would not carry passengers for a month in order to ensure the continuity of its freight service using the ship.[200] On 17 March, it announced that sailings to and from Saint-Malo would be suspended from 24 March to at least 2 April.[201] The company subsequently announced that it would cancel all passenger sailings from 27 March until at least 30 April.[202] This was later extended to 14 May[203] and again until 12 June.[204] Ferries to and from Saint-Malo resumed on 17 July.[205]  Condor's schedule of sailings was reduced again during the second wave, with its fast ferries cancelled until April 2021. However, when three of its crew on its freight ship MV Commodore Goodwill were tested positive, Condor announced that the Commodore Clipper conventional ferry would only carry unaccompanied freight, with passengers being transferred to its fast ferries.[206] Passengers must provide evidence of a negative result from a test taken in the 72 hours before departure.[206]  The island's bus operator LibertyBus ran a reduced timetable from 28 March[207] until 1 September.[208] Face masks became compulsory on buses from 27 July,[209] and in the bus terminal from 26 October.[210]  The figures below count only confirmed cases from tests, the actual number of infections and cases are likely to be higher than reported.[211]  Data sourced from the Government of Jersey website.  Data sourced from the Government of Jersey website.  Total cases 2021   Deaths in 2020 and 2021   Total cases 2020   New cases per week  History Responses Legislation Statistics London Countries England Scotland Wales Northern Ireland Crown Dependencies Guernsey Isle of Man Jersey British Overseas Territories Anguilla Akrotiri and Dhekelia Bermuda British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Cayman Islands Falkland Islands Gibraltar Montserrat Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Turks and Caicos Islands Pitcairn Islands British Overseas Territories without confirmed cases British Antarctic Territory South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands United Kingdom January-June 2020 July–December 2020 January-June 2021 July–December 2021 January-June 2022 July-December 2022 England January-June 2020 July–December 2020 2021 2022 Scotland 2020 2021 2022 Wales 2020 2021 2022 Northern Ireland 2020 2021 2022 Healthcare Vaccination Temporary hospitals COVID passports Responses Government response Contract controversies Lockdown Public inquiry Contact tracing Military (Domestic, Overseas) Impacts Society Economy Education Politics Retail  COVID-19 portal  Category v t e v t e Increasing on-Island testing Continually updating the travel classifications Introducing mask policies for indoor public spaces Adopting shielding programmes to keep people at high risk safe but connected Vaccinating for flu and when possible, for COVID-19 Making sure all of Government is prepared, especially in supporting care, health and economic interventions Being ready to escalate if needed, but using the 'least overall harm' principle Communication about sensible behaviour, backed with enforcement COVID-19 pandemic by country and territory COVID-19 pandemic in Europe COVID-19 pandemic in Guernsey COVID-19 pandemic in the Isle of Man"
EMS VCS 3;"   The VCS 3 (or VCS3, an initialism for Voltage Controlled Studio, version #3) is a portable analog synthesizer with a flexible modular voice architecture introduced by Electronic Music Studios (London) Limited (EMS) in 1969.[# 1]  EMS released the product under various names. Logos printed at the console's front left (see photos) say "V.C.S. 3" on the most widely sold version, "The Putney (VCS 3)" on the earlier version, and "The Synthi (VCS 3) II" on the later version (Synthi VCS 3 II).[# 2]  The VCS 3 was created in 1969 by Peter Zinovieff's EMS company. The electronics were designed largely by David Cockerell, and its distinctive appearance was the work of electronic composer Tristram Cary. It was one of the first portable commercially available synthesizers, in the sense that it was housed entirely in a small wooden case, unlike synths from American manufacturers such as Moog Music, ARP and Buchla, which had large cabinets and could take up entire rooms.  The VCS 3 cost just under £330 in 1969. Some people found it unsatisfactory as a melodic instrument due to its inherent tuning instability.[1] This arose from the instrument's reliance on the then-current method of exponential conversion of voltage to oscillator frequency—an approach that other companies also implemented with fewer tuning issues. However, the VCS 3 was renowned as an extremely powerful generator of electronic effects and processor of external sounds for its cost[according to whom?].  The VCS 3 found popularity among artists seeking to create exotic synthesised sounds. As a result, remaining examples sell for far more than their original asking prices.[note 1]  The first album recorded using only the VCS 3 was The Unusual Classical Synthesizer on Westminster Gold.[2]  The VCS3 was popular among progressive rock bands, and was used on recordings by Franco Battiato, The Moody Blues, The Alan Parsons Project, Jean-Michel Jarre, Todd Rundgren, Hawkwind, Curved Air, Brian Eno (with Roxy Music and as a solo artist or collaborator), King Crimson, The Who, Gong, and Pink Floyd, and many others. The VCS3-generated bass sound at the beginning of Pink Floyd's "Welcome to the Machine" forms the foundation of the song, with its other parts heard in response.  It was notably used by John Paul Jones in the song "Four Sticks" on the untitled fourth album by Led Zeppelin. Two VCS3's and a Sequencer 256 were featured in the 1978 film 'The Shout'.[3]  The VCS3 has three oscillators (the first two normal voltage-controlled oscillators, the third a low-frequency oscillator), a noise generator, two input amplifiers, a ring modulator, 24 dB/octave low-pass voltage-controlled filter,[citation needed] a trapezoid envelope generator, a joystick controller, a voltage-controlled spring reverb unit, and two stereo output amplifiers. Unlike most modular synthesiser systems, which used cables to link components, the VCS 3 uses a distinctive patchboard matrix where pins are inserted to connect its components.  Although the VCS 3 is often used for generating sound effects due to lack of a built-in keyboard, external keyboard controllers were available for melodic play. The DK1, produced in 1969, is an early velocity-sensitive monophonic keyboard for VCS 3 with an extra VCO and VCA.[# 3] In 1972 it was extended for duophonic play as DK2.[# 4]  Also in 1972, the Synthi AKS was released, as well as a digital sequencer with a touch-sensitive flat keyboard, the KS sequencer,[# 5] and its mechanical keyboard version, DKS.[# 6]  The VCS 3's basic design was reused by EMS in many other of their own products,[citation needed] most notably the EMS Synthi 100 (1971),[# 7] the Synthi A (1971),[# 8] and AKS (1972, essentially a VCS 3 in a plastic briefcase). The AKS also has a sequencer built into the keyboard's lid.[# 9]  A former agent of EMS in the United States, Ionic Industries in Morristown, New Jersey, released a portable-keyboard VCS 3 clone in 1973. The Ionic Performer, whose circuitry is based on the VCS 3's, replaced the patchboard matrix with over 100 push-buttons, and added a built-in keyboard and effects units.[4]  EMS Synthi A (1971), also called Portabella[# 8]  EMS Synthi AKS (1972)[# 9]  EMS Synthi 100 (1971), formerly Digitana, also called The Delaware[# 7]  The EMS Synthi A has the same electronics as the VCS 3, but was rehoused in a Spartanite briefcase. Instead of routing signals using patch cables, like Moog products, it uses a patch matrix with resistive pins. The 2700 ohm resistors soldered inside each pin vary in tolerance, indicated by different colours: red pins have 1% tolerance, white have 5%, and green pins are attenuating pins with a resistance of 68,000 ohms.  The later Synthi AKS incorporated an early digital 256 event KS (Keyboard Sequencer) sequencer in the lid, with input provided by a capacitance-sensitive Buchla-style keyboard.  Perhaps its most prominent uses is in  the introduction to The Alan Parsons Project's I Robot. (1977). VCS 3 synthesisers were also used alongside a traditional chamber music ensemble for the soundtrack to the BBC's Life On Earth nature documentary series, composed by Edward Williams.[5]  Along with Klaus Schulze and Tangerine Dream, other frequent users of the instrument include Cabaret Voltaire, Tim Blake & Miquette Giraudy of Gong, Richard Pinhas of Heldon, Merzbow, Thomas Lehn, Cor Fuhler and Alva Noto.  The original VCS No.1 was a hand-built rack-mount unit with two oscillators, one filter and one envelope, designed by Cockerell before the formation of EMS. When a benefactor, Don Banks, asked Zinovieff for a synthesiser, Zinovieff and Cockerell decided to work together on an instrument that was small and portable but powerful and flexible.  Official  Articles  modification and resources  Software emulation  EMS Synthi A     EMS Synthi A (1971), also called Portabella[# 8]       EMS Synthi AKS (1972)[# 9]       EMS Synthi 100 (1971), formerly Digitana, also called The Delaware[# 7]    Brian Eno[6] Howie B on U2's Pop[7] Pink Floyd on Dark Side of the Moon 1973[8] Tangerine Dream[9]"
Volkswagen Phideon;" The Volkswagen Phideon (simplified Chinese: 辉昂, traditional Chinese: 輝昂, pinyin: Huīáng) is an executive sedan manufactured by the German automobile manufacturer Volkswagen, described by Volkswagen as their "premium class" vehicle. Introduced at the 2016 Geneva Motor Show, the Phideon is aimed at the market in China.[1] Sales officially started in July 2016.  The Phideon is the first car under the Volkswagen brand to be based on Volkswagen's MLB platform. It is powered by either a 224 hp (167 kW, 227 PS) 2.0-litre turbocharged four-cylinder EA888 or a 296 hp (221 kW, 300 PS) 3.0-litre supercharged V6 EA837 petrol engines and is available with an optional 4motion all-wheel drive system. The 2.0-litre plug-in hybrid version is also available, which was launched in April 2017.[2] The Phideon is also the first Volkswagen model to have a camera-based night vision system.[3]  The Phideon is equipped with the Active Info Display which replaced the conventional instrument cluster, and chauffeur mode which allows passengers to send content to the infotainment system.  Since its launch, the car had been sold 24,471 units in 2018 before dropped to 14,019 cars in 2019.[4]  A facelifted Phideon was revealed in the 2020 Guangzhou Auto Show.[4] The facelift introduced an updated front bumper adding chrome inserts and modifying the sections around the fog lamps with the grilles updated with a illuminated badge flanked by an LED daytime running light strip that extends on the sides to meet the redesigned headlamps. The all-wheel drive, V6, and plug-in hybrid options were dropped.[5]  Front view (pre-facelift)  Rear view (pre-facelift)  Longitudinal Front-engine, front-wheel drive Longitudinal Front-engine, four-wheel drive (4motion until 2021) Audi A6/A6L Audi A7 Petrol: 2.0 L EA888 I4-T 2.0 L EA888 I4-T PHEV 3.0 L EA837 V6-Supercharged (2016–2021) 224 hp (167 kW, 227 PS) (2.0 L) 241 hp (180 kW, 244 PS) (2.0 L PHEV) 296 hp (221 kW, 300 PS) (3.0 L)    Front view (pre-facelift)       Rear view (pre-facelift)   "
Brian Alters;" Brian J. Alters (B.Sc., Ph.D. USC) is a professor in Chapman University's College of Educational Studies. He directs Chapman's Evolution Education Research Center,[1] has taught science education at both Harvard and McGill Universities, and is regarded as a specialist in evolution education.  Alters has a B.Sc. in biology and a Ph.D. in science education from the University of Southern California.  Alters is the author of several books on biology and the intelligent design controversy.  With his wife Sandra M. Alters, he has written Biology: Understanding Life[2] which he describes as "a university biology non-majors textbook", and Teaching Biology in Higher Education,[3] "a book written to instructors at the college level on how to teach biology".  He is also the author of Teaching Biological Evolution in Higher Education: Methodological, Religious, and Non-Religious Issues[4] which he says is "a book specifically about the conflict that instructors see students bring into their courses concerning evolution".  Alters and Alters have also written Defending Evolution in the Classroom,[5] with a foreword by Stephen Jay Gould, which aims to help science teachers to understand the creation–evolution controversy and to teach evolution effectively in light of the controversy.[6]  He also contributed a chapter to the a chapter in Not in Our Classrooms: Why Intelligent Design is Wrong for Our Schools,[7] edited by Eugenie Scott and Glenn Branch of the NCSE.  Because of this specialization, he was an expert witness for the plaintiffs in the 2005 case Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District.[8][9][10]  He was also brought in for the retrial of Selman v. Cobb County[11] before that was settled out of court in favor of the plaintiffs.  In 2003 Alters was first awarded the College of Education's highest teaching award, the Distinguished Teaching Award, followed by the Principal's Prize for Excellence in Teaching at McGill University.[12]  In 2005 he was appointed to the board of directors of the American-based National Center for Science Education and received its "friend of Darwin" award.  In 2008 Alters became a co-host of CBC Television's nationally broadcast prime-time science series Project X.[13] His co-hosts are Dr. Jennifer Gardy (bioinformatics/microbiology at the University of British Columbia), Dr. Brian Fleck (professor of mechanical engineering at the University of Alberta), and Marc Huot (Mechanical Engineering student at the University of Alberta).  In 2005 Alters was denied funding for a research project provisionally titled "Detrimental effects of popularizing anti-evolution's intelligent design theory on Canadian students, teachers, parents, administrators and policymakers." by the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada.  The SSHRC reason for the rejection included the statement that "Nor did the committee consider that there was adequate justification for the assumption in the proposal that the theory of Evolution, and not Intelligent Design theory, was correct".[14]  This was reported in Nature[15] and other media.[16][17][18]  Letters were written to the SSHRC in support of Alters by the American Institute of Biological Sciences,[19] the American Sociological Association (ASA), the Canadian Society for Ecology and Evolution,[20] and others.  The SSHRC replied by noting that "theory of evolution is not in doubt" but said that the reason for the rejection was that "the committee had serious concerns about the proposed research design".[21]  Alters, Sandra, Alters, Brian J. (2006). Biology: Understanding Life. Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 0-471-43365-9. OCLC 58793066. Alters, Brian J., Alters, Sandra (2005). Teaching Biology in Higher Education. Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons. p. 107. ISBN 0-471-70169-6. OCLC 86082160. Alters, Brian J. (2005). Teaching Biological Evolution in Higher Education: Methodological, Religious, and Non-Religious Issues. Sudbury, Mass.: Jones and Bartlett. p. 136. ISBN 0-7637-2889-6. OCLC 56103806. Alters, Brian J., Alters, Sandra (2001). Defending Evolution in the Classroom. Sudbury, Mass.: Jones & Bartlett. p. 261. ISBN 0-7637-1118-7. OCLC 46343269."
List of trade unions in Canada;"   This is a list of trade unions in Canada.  Alliance of Canadian Cinema, Television and Radio Artists British Columbia Teachers' Federation Canadian Association of University Teachers Canadian Office and Professional Employees Union Canadian Postmasters and Assistants Association Canadian Union of Postal Workers Canadian Union of Public Employees Elementary Teachers' Federation of Ontario Manitoba Teachers' Society National Union of Public and General Employees Canadian Federation of Nurses Unions Ontario English Catholic Teachers' Association Ontario Secondary School Teachers' Federation Public Service Alliance of Canada Professional Institute of the Public Service of Canada Air Line Pilots Association, International Amalgamated Transit Union American Federation of Musicians Bakery, Confectionery, Tobacco Workers and Grain Millers' International Union CWA-Canadian Media Guild International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees, Moving Picture Technicians, Artists and Allied Crafts of the United States, its Territories and Canada International Association of Bridge, Structural, Ornamental and Reinforcing Iron Workers International Association of Fire Fighters International Association of Heat and Frost Insulators and Asbestos Workers International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers International Brotherhood of Boilermakers, Iron Ship Builders, Blacksmiths, Forgers and Helpers International Federation of Professional and Technical Engineers International Longshore and Warehouse Union International Longshoremen's Association International Union of Bricklayers and Allied Craftworkers International Union of Elevator Constructors International Union of Operating Engineers International Union of Painters and Allied Trades Laborers' International Union of North America Operative Plasterers' and Cement Masons' International Association Seafarers' International Union of Canada Service Employees International Union Workers United Canada Council Workers United Canada Council Sheet Metal Workers International Association United Auto Workers United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America United Food and Commercial Workers Union United Mine Workers of America United Steelworkers United Transportation Union United Association of Journeymen and Apprentices of the Plumbing and Pipe Fitting Industry UNITE HERE Alliance des professeures et professeurs de Montréal Canadian Actors' Equity Association Centrale des syndicats du Québec Christian Labour Association of Canada Confédération des syndicats nationaux Congress of Democratic Trade Unions (Quebec) Confederation of Canadian Unions Industrial Workers of the World Major League Baseball Players Association National Hockey League Players' Association National Police Federation Professional Association of Foreign Service Officers Teaching Support Staff Union Teamsters Canada Writers Guild of Canada Unifor List of trade unions in Quebec List of trade unions List of trade unions in the United States Affiliated unions of the Canadian Labour Congress Canadian labour law Canadian Labour Code  v t e Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland and Labrador Nova Scotia Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Northwest Territories Nunavut Yukon  Category  Canada portal v t e North America Caribbean Central America Northern America Caribbean Central America Northern America South America Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Bahamas Barbados Belize Bolivia Brazil Canada Chile Colombia Costa Rica Cuba Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador El Salvador Grenada Guatemala Guyana Haiti Honduras Jamaica Mexico Nicaragua Panama Paraguay Peru Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Suriname Trinidad and Tobago United States Uruguay Venezuela Anguilla Aruba Bermuda Bonaire British Virgin Islands Cayman Islands Curaçao Falkland Islands French Guiana Greenland Guadeloupe Martinique Montserrat Puerto Rico Saint Barthélemy Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saba Sint Eustatius Sint Maarten South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Turks and Caicos Islands US Virgin Islands"
Belle Isle, Leeds;"   Belle Isle is a large suburb 3 miles (5 km) south of Leeds city centre, West Yorkshire, England. It is bounded to the north and east by the M621 motorway.  The district lies in the LS10 Leeds postcode area. Belle Isle is part of the Middleton Park ward of Leeds City Council and Leeds Central parliamentary constituency.  The name "Belle Isle" is first attested in the Rothwell parish register for 1762 as Newbell-ile, and then in 1763 as Belle Isle, situated at Middleton Wood End. The name is borrowed from that of the French island Belle Île, off the Breton coast, whose name is French for 'beautiful island'. The island was captured and held by British forces from 1761 to 1763 during the Seven Years' War, and this event inspired the naming of the Yorkshire settlement.[1] There is also speculation that the name might be a pun on the place-name Bell Hill (which allegedly derives from the distinctive "bell" shaped early coal mining bell pits of the hilly area).[citation needed]  In the late eighteenth century, Belle Isle was just a small hamlet for workers at a colliery opposite Middleton Woods, near the current site of Middleton colliery railway.  Belle Isle now consists largely of housing estates built on farming land by the local authority housing department during the clearance of slum dwellings and the expansion of Leeds in the early twentieth-century, some of these homes are now in private ownership.  The estate is divided north to south by Belle Isle Road with the wide expanse of Belle Isle Circus lying at the centre of the estate.  The majority of the homes in Belle Isle are red brick semi-detached houses although this stock has been added to over the years. The majority still belong to Leeds City Council and are managed locally by Belle Isle Tenant Management Organisation (TMO). BITMO is a not for profit housing company that is run by a tenant board.  Some of the council estates of Belle Isle are listed below:  Like the neighbouring communities of Beeston Hill, Holbeck and Middleton, Belle Isle is considered to be amongst the most deprived areas in the country.[2] Examples of disadvantage found in the district include low educational attainment, low skill levels, and concerns about crime, anti-social behaviour and lack of facilities.  In 2010 the Middleton Park ward which includes Belle Isle had 27487 inhabitants of which 52.2% were female and 47.8% male and 21.5% were aged 15 or under compared with an England average of 18.7%. Life Expectancy for males and females is  more than three years less than the rest of Leeds.  In 2001, most residents, 96.3%,  identified as White British with 71.6% identifying as Christian and over 18% having no religion. Most houses are in the Council Tax Bands A and B. In April 2012, 1493 people were claiming Jobseekers allowance which at 8.3% was nearly double the Leeds' average. While all recorded crime was below the Leeds' average, criminal damage was substantially higher and nearly twice the England average.[3]  In the Middleton Park ward in 2001, there were 10,649 households. There were 1,201, households with dependent childrenhad and no adult in employment.[4] Of the 1,410 of lone parent households with dependent children, most, 1,307 were women and most had no job. Male lone parents numbered 95 of which 39 were in full-time employment.[5] Nearly half the households, 5,170 had no car or van.[6]  Belle Isle has a number of schools. Merlyn Rees Community High School, situated at the heart of Belle Isle, provided educational facilities for over 20 years (previously known as Belle Isle Middle School), but, in late 2006, the school closed down. Merlyn Rees then changed its name to South Leeds High School. It was then demolished and is now situated near South Leeds Sports centre. In 2009 the school was renamed South Leeds Academy.  Other schools in the area are Windmill Primary School (previously known as Belle Isle Primary School) opposite Merlyn Rees School, and Clapgate Primary School on Cranmore Drive. Also, Sharp Lane Primary School is located near the Omnibus Pub. Broomfield SILC - Specialist Inclusive Learning Centre, an all-age generic special school is on the Broom estate.  The churches of St. John and St. Barnabas (Anglican), West Grange (Evangelical) and St. Peter (Roman Catholic) serve the area.  The United Reformed Church in South Leeds was built in 2011 on the site of a Congregational Church opened in 1952 on Nesfield Road.  It is the site of the popular Belle Isle Working Men's Club, which hosted many regional and national stars during the 1970s club boom. The club burnt to the ground in 2000 but was subsequently rebuilt.  The television presenter and model, Nell McAndrew, is from Belle Isle. The England international rugby league players Garry Schofield, Jason Robinson and Sonny Nickle and the philosopher Paul Crowther also grew up there and were pupils at Belle Isle Primary School. DJ and rapper Tom Zanetti was born and raised in the area.  At the heart of the area is a large area of public open land, in the centre of a traffic roundabout, called Belle Isle Circus, this was originally the site of a terminus for trams.  The spoil tips surrounding the former colliery are now being converted into woodland, adjacent to the ancient semi-natural woodlands of Middleton Wood.[7]  City of Leeds West Yorkshire Yorkshire and the Humber Leeds Central Petersfield Avenue Windmill Road The Clearings Manor Farms (often debated as to whether this lies in Middleton) Newhall Road The Brooms The Aberfields The Lanshaws The Nesfields Listed buildings in Leeds (Middleton Park Ward)"
AJW;" AJW may refer to:  AJW Motorcycles (1928–1981), a British motorcycle manufacturer All Japan Women's Pro-Wrestling (1968–2005), a Japanese promotion Asia & Japan Watch, English-language edition of Asahi Shimbun Andy Jones-Wilkins (born 1968), a U.S. long-distance runner Alpha Jet International (ICAO airline designator AJW) Ajawa language (ISO 639-3 code "ajw")"
PUREX;" PUREX (plutonium uranium reduction extraction) is a chemical method used to purify fuel for nuclear reactors or nuclear weapons.[7]  PUREX is the de facto standard aqueous nuclear reprocessing method for the recovery of uranium and plutonium from used nuclear fuel (spent nuclear fuel, or irradiated nuclear fuel). It is based on liquid–liquid extraction ion-exchange.[8]  PUREX is applied to spent nuclear fuel, which consists primarily of very high atomic-weight (actinoid or "actinide") elements (e.g. uranium, plutonium, americium) along with smaller amounts of material composed of lighter atoms, notably the fission products produced by reactor operation.  The actinoid elements in this case consist primarily of the unconsumed remains of the original fuel (typically U-235, U-238, and/or Pu-239).  The fuel is first dissolved in nitric acid at a concentration around 7 M. Solids are removed by filtration to avoid the formation of emulsions, referred to as third phases in the solvent extraction community.  The organic solvent consists of 30% tributyl phosphate (TBP) in a hydrocarbon such as kerosene. Uranyl(VI) UO2+2 ions are extracted in the organic phase as UO2(NO3)2·2TBP complexes, plutonium is extracted as similar complexes. The heavier actinides, primarily americium and curium, and the fission products remain in the aqueous phase. The nature of uranyl nitrate complexes with trialkyl phosphates has been characterized.[10]  Plutonium is separated from uranium by treating the TBP-kerosene solution with reducing agents to convert the plutonium to its +3 oxidation state, which will pass into the aqueous phase. Typical reducing agents include N,N-diethyl-hydroxylamine, ferrous sulphamate, and hydrazine. Uranium is then stripped from the kerosene solution by back-extraction into nitric acid at a concentration around 0.2 M.[11]  The term PUREX raffinate describes the mixture of metals in nitric acid which are left behind when the uranium and plutonium have been removed by the PUREX process from a nuclear fuel dissolution liquor. This mixture is often known as high level nuclear waste.  Two PUREX raffinates exist.  The most highly active raffinate from the first cycle is the one which is most commonly known as PUREX raffinate. The other is from the medium-active cycle in which the uranium and plutonium are refined by a second extraction with tributyl phosphate.  Deep blue is the bulk ions, light blue is the fission products (group I is Rb/Cs) (group II is Sr/Ba) (group III is Y and the lanthanides), orange is the corrosion products (from stainless steel pipework), green are the major actinides, violet are the minor actinides and magenta is the neutron poison)  Currently PUREX raffinate is stored in stainless steel tanks before being converted into glass. The first cycle PUREX raffinate is very radioactive.  It has almost all of the fission products, corrosion products such as iron/nickel, traces of uranium, plutonium and the minor actinides.  The PUREX plant at the Hanford Site was responsible for producing 'copious volumes of liquid wastes', resulting in the radioactive contamination of groundwater.[12]  Greenpeace measurements in La Hague and Sellafield indicated that radioactive pollutants are steadily released into the sea, and the air. Therefore, people living near these processing plants are exposed to higher radiation levels than the naturally occurring background radiation. According to Greenpeace, this additional radiation is small but not negligible.[13]  The PUREX process was invented by Herbert H. Anderson and Larned B. Asprey at the Metallurgical Laboratory at the University of Chicago, as part of the Manhattan Project under Glenn T. Seaborg, their patent "Solvent Extraction Process for Plutonium" filed in 1947,[14] mentions tributyl phosphate as the major reactant which accomplishes the bulk of the chemical extraction.[15]  COGEMA La Hague site Mayak Thermal Oxide Reprocessing Plant and B205 at Sellafield Tokai, Ibaraki West Valley Reprocessing Plant Savannah River Site Hanford Site Idaho Chemical Processing Plant, (now Idaho National Laboratory) Radiochemical Engineering Development Center, Oak Ridge National Laboratory Nuclear fuel cycle Nuclear breeder reactor Spent nuclear fuel shipping cask Global Nuclear Energy Partnership announced February, 2006"
Pepita Carpeña;" Josefa Carpena-Amat (December 19, 1919 – June 5, 2005), known by the pseudonym Pepita Carpeña,  was a militant trade unionist, writer, and Spanish anarchist.  Born in Barcelona, Spain, Pepita started working at the age of twelve. At the age of 14, she became involved in the Spanish Revolution and was active with the Confederación Nacional del Trabajo (CNT). In late 1937, Carpeña joined the anarchist-feminist movement Mujeres Libres, later becoming its propaganda secretary. During this time, she worked in a weapons factory. She became a women's liberationist.  In 1939, she was obliged to leave Spain, and lived the rest of her life in Marseilles, France. From April 1992 to June 1993, Pepita wrote her memoirs called "De Toda la Vida" in Castilian. She translated this into French for another memoir called Toute une vie: memoires, which was published in 2000. She contributed to 2 collective works: Mujeres Libres and Luchadoras Libertarias, which were also translated into French. She participated in activities of the Marseilles branch of the Centre International de Recherches sur l'Anarchisme (CIRA), since 1979. She was also the coordinator of the branch from 1988 to 1999. She participated in a debate that lasted for days, about feminism and post-feminism at the International Exhibition held in Barcelona, which appeared as a book in 1994. Carpeña died on June 5, 2005 and her body was cremated.[1] "
Eustrongylides;"   Eustrongylides is a genus of nematodes belonging to the family Dioctophymatidae.[1] The species of this genus cause eustrongylidosis.  The genus has almost cosmopolitan distribution.[1]  Species:[1]  Eustrongylides excisus Jägerskiöld, 1909 Eustrongylides ignotus Jägerskiöld, 1909 Eustrongylides mergorum (Rudolphi, 1809) Eustrongylides papillosus (Rudolphi, 1802) Eustrongylides rubrum (Linton, 1892) Eustrongylides sinicus Wu & Liu, 1943 Eustrongylides spinispiculum Rautela & Malhotra, 1984 Eustrongylides tubifex (Nitzsch & Rudolphi, 1819)"
Testing Maturity Model;" The Testing Maturity Model (TMM) was based on the Capability Maturity Model, and first produced by the Illinois Institute of Technology.[1]  Its aim to be used in a similar way to CMM, that is to provide a framework for assessing the maturity of the test processes in an organisation, and so providing targets on improving maturity.   Each level from 2 upwards has a defined set of processes and goals, which lead to practices and sub-practices.  The TMM has been since replaced[2] by the Test Maturity Model integration and is now managed by the TMMI Foundation.[3]  The article describing this concept was first published in: Crosstalk, August and September 1996 "Developing a Testing Maturity Model: Parts I and II", Ilene Burnstein, Taratip Suwannasart, and C.R. Carlson, Illinois Institute of Technology (article not in online archives at Crosstalk online anymore)  Enterprise Architecture Assessment Framework"
Southern fiscal;"   See text  The southern fiscal or fiscal shrike (Lanius collaris) is a member of the shrike family found through most of southern Africa. It is also sometimes named jackie hangman or butcher bird due to its habit of impaling its prey on acacia thorns to store the food for later consumption. It was previously lumped together with the northern fiscal (Lanius humeralis).[2]  Together they were known as the common fiscal.  In 1760 the French zoologist Mathurin Jacques Brisson included a description of the southern fiscal in his Ornithologie based on a specimen collected from the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa. He used the French name La pie-griesche du Cap de Bonne Espérance and the Latin Lanius capitis Bonae Spei.[3] Although Brisson coined Latin names, these do not conform to the binomial system and are not recognised by the International Commission on Zoological Nomenclature.[4] When in 1766 the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus updated his Systema Naturae for the twelfth edition, he added 240 species that had been previously described by Brisson.[4] One of these was the southern fiscal. Linnaeus included a brief description, coined the current binomial name Lanius collaris and cited Brisson's work.[5] The specific name collaris is Latin for "of the neck".[6]  Five subspecies are recognised.[7]  This is a fairly distinctive 21–23-cm long passerine with white underparts and black upperparts extending from the top of the head down to the tail. The bird has a characteristic white "V" on the back and a relatively long black tail with white outer feathers and white tips on the other feathers. The bill, eyes and legs are black. Adult male and female common fiscals are quite similar except for the rufous lower flank of the female.  The calls are a jumbled mix of shrike-like swizzling sounds including some imitations and a harsh Dzzzttt-dzzzt-dzzzt alarm call. Most of those calls however are either threatening or alarm calls. The species sometimes produces a surprisingly sweet, quiet song, although such song, however sweet it sounds, generally is either territorial or pair-bonding in function.[8]  The southern fiscal lives in a wide range of habitats from grassland with fences for perching to acacia thornveld or even woodland, but avoids very dense habitats where its hunting would be impaired.  Southern fiscals can encounter cold temperatures in the winter and in high-altitude environments. To cope with these cold temperatures, fiscal shrikes undergo seasonal changes in body temperature, oxygen consumption, and evaporative water loss in order to conserve energy. At lower altitudes, the shrikes have higher basal metabolic rates, evaporative water loss, and body temperatures compared to shrikes in higher altitude environments. In the winter, basal metabolic rate and oxygen consumption are increased while body temperature is decreased.[9]  The southern fiscal is usually solitary and hunts insects and small rodents from an exposed perch or the tops of shrubs. Territorial size is directly related to the density of hunting perches. Installing more artificial perches causes the fiscal to reduce its territory size and allow more birds in the affected range.  In eastern Africa, the southern fiscal is a major predator of the plain tiger butterfly.[10]  Along with adjusting their physiology, southern fiscals also adjust their hunting methods at different times of year in response to seasonal changes in food demand. During the summer, the shrikes hunted from an hour before sunrise to right before sunset. During the winter, hunting only occurred from daytime to sunset, so the shrikes increased their attack and capture rates, and they also captured larger prey.  Prey length, handling time, and attack time increased with altitude.[11]  L. c. aridicolus Clancey, 1955 – south western Angola and north western Namibia (dune-fog zone of the Namib Desert) L. c. collaris Linnaeus, 1766 – extreme southern Namibia, southern, central and eastern South Africa, Swaziland, Lesotho, and extreme southern Mozambique (Maputo)(except the south), Zambia, northern Botswana, and possibly also extreme south western Tanzania and extreme north eastern Namibia L. c. marwitzi Reichenow, 1901 Uhehe fiscal – north eastern, central and south eastern Tanzania, northern Malawi L. c. pyrrhostictus Holub & Pelzeln, 1882 – extreme north eastern Botswana (around Basuto), southern Zimbabwe (south of Harare), north eastern and eastern South Africa (Limpopo and Mpumalanga), and south western Mozambique (almost restricted to Gaza province) L. c. subcoronatus A. Smith, 1841 – extreme south east Angola, Namibia (excluding the coastal north west and extreme south), Botswana, south western Zimbabwe, and northern South Africa (south to north western Northern Cape and central Free State)"
Sony Music Entertainment Japan;"   Sony Music Entertainment (Japan) Inc. (株式会社ソニー・ミュージックエンタテインメント, Kabushiki gaisha Sonī Myūjikku Entateinmento), often abbreviated as SMEJ or simply SME, and also known as Sony Music Japan for short (stylized as SonyMusic), is a Japanese  music arm for Sony. Founded in 1968 as CBS/Sony, SMEJ is directly owned by Sony Group Corporation and is operating independently from the United States-based Sony Music Entertainment due to its strength in the Japanese music industry.[a][1] Its subsidiaries include the Japanese animation production enterprise, Aniplex, which was established in September 1995[2] as a joint-venture between Sony Music Entertainment Japan and Sony Pictures Entertainment Japan, but which in 2001 became a wholly owned subsidiary of Sony Music Entertainment Japan. It was prominent in the early to mid '90s producing and licensing music for animated series such as Roujin Z from acclaimed Japanese comic artist Katsuhiro Otomo and Capcom's Street Fighter animated series.  Until March 2007, Sony Music Japan also had its own North American sublabel, Tofu Records. Releases of Sony Music Japan now appear on Columbia Records and/or Epic Records in North America.  Sony does not have the trademark rights to the Columbia name in Japan, so releases under Columbia Records from another country appears on Sony Records in Japan, but retains the usage of the "walking eye" logo. The Columbia name and trademark is controlled by Nippon Columbia, which was, in fact, the licensee for the American Columbia Records up until 1968, even though relations were officially severed as far back as World War II. Nippon Columbia also does not have direct relations with the British Columbia Graphophone Company (an EMI subsidiary), so the licensee for the British Columbia Graphophone Company was actually Toshiba Musical Industries.  With Sony Corporation of America's buyout of Bertelsmann's stake in Sony BMG, Sony Music Entertainment Japan stepped in to acquire outstanding shares of BMG Japan from Sony BMG, making it a wholly owned subsidiary of Sony Music Japan.[3]  Sony Music Entertainment Japan was officially incorporated in March 1968[4] as a Tokyo-based 50/50 joint venture between Sony Corporation and U.S. conglomerate CBS to distribute the latter's music releases in Japan. The company was incorporated as CBS/Sony Records and with Sony co-founder Akio Morita as president.[5][6][7]  Norio Ohga, who himself was a musician, was part of the management team from the formation of the company and served as president and representative director since April 1970.[8][9] In 1972, when CBS/Sony was generating robust profits, Ohga was named chairman and at the same time gained further responsibility and influence within Sony. He would continue to work for the music company one morning a week.[10] In 1980, Toshio Ozawa succeeded Ohga as  president.[11]  In 1983, the company was renamed CBS/Sony Group.[4]  In January 1988, after more than a year of negotiations, Sony acquired the CBS Records Group and the 50% of CBS/Sony Group that it did not already own.[12]  In March 1988, four wholly owned subsidiaries were folded into CBS/Sony Group: CBS/Sony Inc., Epic/Sony Records Inc., CBS/Sony Records Inc. and Sony Video Software International.[4][13]  The company was renamed Sony Music Entertainment (Japan), Inc.  Shugo Matsuo was named new president in January 1992, replacing Toshio Ozawa, who was appointed to the post of chairman.[14]  Overall sales for the fiscal year ending March 31, 1991, were  83.8 billion yen with a pretax profit of 9.2 billion yen.[14]  In June 1996, Ryokichi Kunugi became the new president. Shugo Matsuo was named chairman.[15]  Shigeo Maruyama was appointed to the new post of CEO on October 1, 1997, and replaced Kunugi as president in February 1998.[16]  As of 2019, Mizuno Michinori is the official CEO of the company.  In May 2018, SMEJ acquired a 39% stake in the Peanuts comic strip franchise from DHX Media.[17]   Sony Music Entertainment announced the launch of its first video game publishing label, Unties, in October 2017. Unties will publish indie games for the PlayStation 4, PlayStation VR, Nintendo Switch, and PC. The name was selected by Sony as representative of helping to "unleash" the power of independent video game development and "unshackle" such developers from the traditional video game publishing process.[18]  Unties’ first release was Tiny Metal, a turn-based tactics video game developed by Area 35, for the Nintendo Switch, PS4, and PC. The game was first premiered at PAX West Indie Megabooth.[19] Published Azure Reflections, a side-scrolling bullet hell developed by Souvenir Circ., on May 15, 2018, for the PS4.[20] Published Touhou Gensou Wanderers Reloaded, a roguelike rpg developed by Aqua Style, for the PS4, Nintendo Switch, and PC.[21] Published Necrosphere, a platformer developed by Cat Nigiri, for the PS4, Nintendo Switch, PC, and PSVita.[21][22] Published Midnight Sanctuary, a VR/3D Novel game developed by CAVYHOUSE, for the PS4, Nintendo Switch and PC.[21][23] Published Tokyo Dark, a visual novel mystery adventure hybrid developed by Cherrymochi, for the PC.[24][21] Published Chiki-Chiki Boxy Racers, an arcade racing game developed by Pocket, for the Nintendo Switch on August 30, 2018.[25][21] Scheduled to publish on Last Standard, a 3d action game developed by I From Japan, intended for PC.[26][27] Scheduled to publish The Good Life, a daily-life rpg developed by White Owls Inc., for the PS4 and PC.[28][21] Scheduled to publish Merkava Avalanche, a 3d cavalry warfare action game developed by WinterCrownWorks, for the PC.[29][21] Scheduled to publish Olija, an action adventure game developed by Skeleton Crew Studio, for the PC.[30][21] Scheduled to publish Deemo Reborn, a music rhythm and urban fantasy game developed by Taiwanese studio Rayak, for the PS4 with PSVR support.[27][21] Scheduled to publish Giraffe and Anika, a 3d adventure game developed by Atelier Mimina, for the PS4, Nintendo Switch and PC.[31][21] Scheduled to publish 3rd Eye, a 2d horror exploration game, based on the Touhou franchise, for the PS4, Nintendo Switch, and PC.[32][21] Scheduled to publish Gensokyo Defenders, a tower-defense game developed by Neetpia, for the PS4 and Nintendo Switch.[33][21]  The company's leading role on the Japanese market was increasingly challenged by labels such as Avex (where SMEJ formerly owned 5 percent of shares).[16][34]  Net sales for the fiscal year ending March 31, 1997, were down 10% to 103 billion yen, while net income fell 41% to 7.7 billion yen.[34] The market share at that time was less than 18%.[34] In August 1997, Dreams Come True, until that point Sony Music Entertainment Japan's best-selling act, signed a worldwide multi-album deal with competing U.S. label Virgin Records America.[35]  Since then it was said that SMEJ ceded to Avex's challenge,[36] but SMEJ bounced back and regained leadership from its indie rival until 2012. SMEJ netted 22.4 billion yen for 1H 2012 and 14.3% of the market, second behind Avex (24.95 B yen, 15.9%).[37]  In May 2017, SMEJ, through subsidiary Sony Music Marketing (now Sony Music Solutions), acquired the physical retail and distribution rights to releases of another rival, Warner Music Japan.[38]  Aniplex A-1 Pictures ANIPLEX.EXE Aniplex of America Aniplex Shanghai Boundary CloverWorks Crunchyroll, LLC (co-owned with Sony Pictures) Crunchyroll UK and Ireland Madman Anime Crunchyroll EMEA Crunchyroll SAS Crunchyroll SA Crunchyroll GmbH Crunchyroll Studios Crunchyroll Games, LLC Right Stuf Nozomi Entertainment 5 Points Pictures RightStufAnime.com Peppermint Anime GmbH (co-owned with Peppermint Anime) Quatro A Rialto Entertainment A-1 Pictures ANIPLEX.EXE Aniplex of America Aniplex Shanghai Boundary CloverWorks Crunchyroll, LLC (co-owned with Sony Pictures) Crunchyroll UK and Ireland Madman Anime Crunchyroll EMEA Crunchyroll SAS Crunchyroll SA Crunchyroll GmbH Crunchyroll Studios Crunchyroll Games, LLC Right Stuf Nozomi Entertainment 5 Points Pictures RightStufAnime.com Crunchyroll UK and Ireland Madman Anime Crunchyroll EMEA Crunchyroll SAS Crunchyroll SA Crunchyroll GmbH Crunchyroll SAS Crunchyroll SA Crunchyroll GmbH Crunchyroll Studios Crunchyroll Games, LLC Right Stuf Nozomi Entertainment 5 Points Pictures RightStufAnime.com Nozomi Entertainment 5 Points Pictures RightStufAnime.com Peppermint Anime GmbH (co-owned with Peppermint Anime) Quatro A Rialto Entertainment Sony Music Labels Sony Music Records Sony Records - formerly known as CBS/Sony since 1968 gr8! records (read "G-R-eight") – founded April 2003 MASTERSIX FOUNDATION N46Div Niagara Records – private label of Eiichi Ohtaki Epic Records Japan – formerly known as Epic/Sony since 1971 Ki/oon Music – launched as Ki/oon Sony Records on April 1, 1992[39] SME Records – founded 1998 and taken over the Japanese anime television series "Pocket Monsters" since 2013. Sony Music Associated Records onenation – joint venture with LDH Ariola Japan – formerly known as BMG Japan until October 2009.[40] Sacra Music – anison label since 2017 Sony Music Direct – founded as Sony Music House in 1996. Continues to use "Walking Eye" logo. Became part of Sony Music Labels in 2022. Sony Music Records Sony Records - formerly known as CBS/Sony since 1968 gr8! records (read "G-R-eight") – founded April 2003 MASTERSIX FOUNDATION N46Div Niagara Records – private label of Eiichi Ohtaki Sony Records - formerly known as CBS/Sony since 1968 gr8! records (read "G-R-eight") – founded April 2003 MASTERSIX FOUNDATION N46Div Niagara Records – private label of Eiichi Ohtaki Epic Records Japan – formerly known as Epic/Sony since 1971 Ki/oon Music – launched as Ki/oon Sony Records on April 1, 1992[39] SME Records – founded 1998 and taken over the Japanese anime television series "Pocket Monsters" since 2013. Sony Music Associated Records onenation – joint venture with LDH onenation – joint venture with LDH Ariola Japan – formerly known as BMG Japan until October 2009.[40] Sacra Music – anison label since 2017 Sony Music Direct – founded as Sony Music House in 1996. Continues to use "Walking Eye" logo. Became part of Sony Music Labels in 2022. Music Ray'n[41][42] Sony Music Solutions – Overseas distribution of labels which have a distribution and contract with SMEJ. Formerly known as Sony Music Distribution until 2014 and as Sony Music Marketing until 2019. Dohb Discs (1994–2000) Antinos Records was launched in 1994 with Sony Music director Shigeo Maruyama as its president. The first releases on August 21 were a mini-album by indie group Confusion and singles by the groups Aniss, Neverending Story, and Ginji Itoh.[43] (1994–2004, merged into Epic Records Japan) Studioseven Recordings (2006–2010, merged into gr8! records) Tofu Records (US Sublabel, 2003–2007) DefSTAR Records – (2000–2015, merged into SME Records) Pikachu Records - (1997–2012, merged into SME Records & Sony Music Labels) VVV records OKeh was launched in 1994 and headed by Sony Music deputy president Hiroshi Inagaki.[43] Former sublabels of Sony Music Associated Records TRUE KiSS DiSC -  private label of TETSUYA KOMURO tributelink - Temporary label in 2001 TERRY DOLLAR RECORD$ - formerly private label of Oreskaband Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Records - (2005–2010) TRUE KiSS DiSC -  private label of TETSUYA KOMURO tributelink - Temporary label in 2001 TERRY DOLLAR RECORD$ - formerly private label of Oreskaband Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Records - (2005–2010) Former sublabels of Ki/oon Music Fitz Beat[39] Haunted Records Ki/oon Records2 NeOSITE Siren Song - formerly private label of X Japan[39] Trefort[39] Fitz Beat[39] Haunted Records Ki/oon Records2 NeOSITE Siren Song - formerly private label of X Japan[39] Trefort[39] Monogatary.com – Named after a stylized romanization of monogatari (物語, 'story'), a social networking service about creative writing and illustrations founded in October 2017.[44] Has collaborated with SMEJ artists, most notably Yoasobi, which was initially formed to create music based on selected stories on the site.[45][44] Sony Creative Products - Character licensing, usually working with overseas characters, such as the Peanuts franchise[b] and Pingu. 2AM 2PM 9nine Abingdon Boys School Access Aco Aimer AKB48 (2006–2008) Aki Toyosaki Ami Suzuki (1998–2001) An Cafe Angela Aki Aoi Eir Aqua Timez Asian Kung-Fu Generation Automatic Loveletter Ayahi Takagaki Beat Crusaders Boom Boom Satellites The Boss The Boyz The Brilliant Green Buckethead Chai Chara (1990–2004, 2012–present) Chemistry Chiaki Kuriyama Cinder Road ClariS Cool Joke The Cro-Magnons Crossfaith Crystal Kay (1999–2011) Dancing Dolls Debbie Gibson Depapepe Denki Groove Dir En Grey Does Dreams Come True Egoist Eric Martin Fight Like Apes Flow Galileo Galilei Garnidelia (2014–2021) The Gazette (band) Got7 (2014–2021) Halcali Hajime Chitose Haruka Tomatsu Harumi Tsuyuzaki Hikaru Utada Himeka (2009–2012) Hinatazaka46 Home Made Kazoku Hyde I Am Ghost I Wish Ikimono Gakari Ikue Ōtani Ive Jasmine Jinn Joe Inoue Jay Sean Judy and Mary (1991–2001) June JY K Kalafina (2007-2019) Kana Hanazawa (2012–2021) Kana Nishino Kelun Ken Hirai Kenshi Yonezu Kotaro Oshio Kep1er Kung Faux L'Arc-en-Ciel Lama Led Zepagain Little by Little Ling tosite Sigure LiSA Loick Essien Long Shot Party Luna Haruna Maboroshi Mai Hoshimura Man with a Mission Masahiko Kondō Masakazu Morita Mayu Watanabe MBLAQ Meisa Kuroki MiChi Miho Fukuhara Mika Nakashima Milet Miliyah Kato Minako Kotobuki Minami Kuribayashi Miwa Miyu Nagase Naniwa Express Mucc (2011–2017) Nami Tamaki Nana Kitade Natsume Mito Nico Touches the Walls NiziU No3b (2008–2013) Nobodyknows Nogizaka46 Nothing's Carved in Stone NU'EST Orange Range Oreskaband Piko Polysics Porno Graffitti Prague Puffy AmiYumi (1996–2015) Rei Yasuda Reol ReoNa Rie Fu Rina Chinen Rika Matsumoto Rize Rythem Sachiko Kobayashi Sakurazaka46 Sambomaster SawanoHiroyuki[nZk] Sayaka Kanda Scandal School Food Punishment Seamo (2002–2011, 2019–) Secret (2011–2013) Seiko Matsuda Siam Shade Shinichi Osawa Shion Tsuji Shoko Nakagawa SID SixTones Soul'd Out Soulhead Sowelu Spyair Stance Punks Stephanie Stereopony Stray Kids SunSet Swish Supercell (band) T.M.Revolution Tamio Okuda TFN TiA TK from Ling tosite Sigure Totalfat Tomoko Kawase Tomohisa Sako Tomohisa Yamashita Toshinobu Kubota Uri Nakayama Uverworld Wonder Girls X Japan Yellow Generation Yoasobi Yoshida Brothers Younha Yui Yuna Ito Yuya Matsushita Zebrahead Zone Ken Ishiguro Satoshi Ichijo Yuki Ito Shota Inoue Shutaro Kadoshi Kyôhei Kanomi Yuki Kura Ryo Takasugi Ryo Narita Nishikiori Gekidan Kazuhiko Nishimura Rio Masuzawa Meguro-eup Yuki Morinaga Yuma Yamoto Daichi Watanabe Yutaro Watanabe Misato Aoyama Haruka Echigo Maya Okano Ririka Kato Miho Kitagawa Yuki Kimoto Sayu Kubota Kana Kurashina Kokusho Sayuri Yuki Saso Saki Sato Hakusan Himeashi Riho Takada Rina Takeda Tao Tsuchiya Eriko Tomiyama Riko Nagase Natsukawa Asa Fumi Nikaido Tomoko Nozaki Ai Hashimoto Mayumi Hasegawa Kaoru Hirata Kiyo Matsumoto Misato Morita Nana Mori Kanna Mori Ririka Misako Renbutsu Norio Ohga Akio Morita Toshio Ozawa Shugo Matsuo Ryokichi Kunugi Shigeo Maruyama Takashi Yoshida† (died 2010, transferred to Warner Music before death.) ViViD Hiroshi Inagaki (now on Avex Group) Naoki Kitagawa Kazutomo Enomoto Yaz Noya (Tofu Records founder) Nozomi Sasaki Sony Music Entertainment BMG Japan Music On! TV – SMEJ-owned cable TV network Avex Group (once an affiliate of Sony Music, also the 2nd biggest record label in Japan.)[46] Universal Music Japan Warner Music Japan"
Maurice Brooks (MP);"   Maurice Brooks (1823 – 6 December 1905)[1] was an Irish Home Rule League politician.  He was elected Home Rule Member of Parliament (MP) for Dublin City in 1874, and remained MP until the seat was abolished in 1885.[2]  Brooks was Lord Mayor of Dublin for 1874.[3]    This article about a Member of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, for a constituency in Ireland between 1801 and 1922 is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Auditory integration training;" Auditory integration training (AIT) is a procedure pioneered in France by Guy Bérard, who promoted it as a cure for clinical depression and suicidal tendencies, along with what he said were very positive results for dyslexia and autism, although there has been very little empirical evidence regarding this assertion.[1][2] It typically involves 20 half-hour sessions over 10 days listening to specially filtered and modulated music. It was used in the early 1990s as a treatment for autism, it has been promoted as a treatment for ADHD, depression, and a wide variety of other disorders.[1] AIT has not met scientific standards for efficacy that would justify its use as a treatment for any condition.[3][4][5][6]  The American Academy of Pediatrics and three other professional organizations consider it an experimental procedure. The New York State Department of Health recommends that it not be used to treat young children with autism.[3] The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has banned the Audiokinetron, the original device used to perform AIT, from importation into the U.S. due to lack of evidence of medical benefit.[1] The American Speech-Language-Hearing Association has concluded that AIT has not met scientific standards for safety.[3]  Auditory integration training (AIT) aims to address the sensory problems such as hearing distortions and hyperacusis (oversensitive hearing), which are said to cause discomfort and confusion in people with learning disabilities, including autism spectrum disorders. These hypersensitivities are believed to interfere with a child's attention, comprehension, and ability to learn.  The training typically involves the child attending two 30-minute sessions per day, separated by a minimum of three hours, for ten consecutive working days. The child listens via headphones to a program of specially filtered and modulated music with wide frequency range. The program is modified for each child with certain frequencies of sound filtered using an electronic device, which randomly switches between low- and high-pass filtering for random durations between 1/4 and 2 seconds. The filtering device also varies the sound's intensity, creating a modulated effect.[3] The volume is set as loud as possible without causing discomfort.[2] If the listener has shown unusual sensitivities to certain frequencies, these may be filtered out additionally.[1]  The original device for delivering this training, the Audiokinetron or Ears Education and Retraining System (EERS), was banned by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration from importation into the U.S. due to lack of evidence of medical benefit.[1][3] Although no AIT device has been approved for marketing as a medical device by the FDA, devices used only to aid education are not subject to FDA regulation. Several other unapproved devices are now used to deliver AIT, one example is the Digital Auditory Aerobics (DAA) system, which replaced the Audiokinetron in the U.S., and which contains 20 half-hour CDs containing the output of the banned Audiokinetron,[3] thus getting around the banned use of the original device.[1]  Most AIT practitioners are speech-language pathologists or audiologists and occupational therapists, other practitioners include, psychologists, physicians, social workers, and teachers. No operator training is required for the DAA.[3]  However, the lack of proven benefit to clients has led the American Speech-Language-Hearing Association to warn its members that they may be found in violation of ASHA's Code of Ethics if they provide AIT services.[7]  A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of AIT found insufficient evidence to support its use, no significant adverse effects were reported.[5]  Several professional organizations state that AIT should be considered experimental: these include the American Academy of Audiology, the American Speech-Language-Hearing Association, the American Academy of Pediatrics,[4] and the Educational Audiology Association.[3] After reviewing the available research, the New York State Department of Health concluded that AIT's efficacy had not been shown, and recommended that it not be used to treat young children with autism.[3]  Guy Bérard's Audition Égale Comportement (English translation Hearing Equals Behavior[8]) was the first book about AIT. Annabel Stehli's The Sound of a Miracle told the story of the author's daughter, an autistic girl who received AIT treatment from Bérard.[9] The latter anecdotal book provided wide publicity to AIT in the English-speaking world. By 1994, over 10,000 U.S. children and adults had received training, at a cost of around US$1000 to US$1300 each, and AIT became a multimillion-dollar industry.[1]  Dr Alfred Tomatis was a French ear, nose and throat specialist who spent time researching hearing losses and discovered a link between hearing and speech, which became the foundation of his auditive stimulation method.[10] His research indicated that the voice contains frequencies heard by the ear, an imperfect ear when given the chance to hear correctly, the voice instantly and unconsciously improves, and it was possible to transform voice through auditive stimulation over time with the use of an electric ear.[10] Tomatis theory continues to state that the brain can retrain itself by creating neutral pathways, which will compensate for an individuals dysfunctional brain structures or pathways.[11]  Tomatis had four theories on how the ear perceived sound and then how the brain processed those sounds. Filters to regulate sound which would alter or modified to focus on specific frequencies, an electronic gating mechanism enables the ear to attune itself automatically and spontaneously, provide a balance between left and right ears, and timing delay of sound reception between the bone and air conduction can be changed to slow down the processing of information internally and allow the individual to attend to incoming information. Tomatis believed a relationship needs to be established between the auditory and vestibular system.[12]  AIT gained popularity in the early 1990s, supported by anecdotal evidence and promising but small trials. Preliminary research included such methodological flaws as lack of statistical power, lack of blinding, or lack of a control group. Later larger and better controlled studies failed to bear out the promise of AIT. The use of AIT is not supported outside of research protocols.[1][5][13] "
Impermanence (disambiguation);" Impermanence is philosophical concept addressed in a variety of religions and philosophies.  Impermanence may refer to:  Impermanence (Meredith Monk album), 2008 Impermanence (Peter Silberman album), 2017 "Impermanence", by Architects on the album For Those That Wish to Exist "Impermanence", by Assemblage 23 on the album Compass "Impermanence", by Bryce Dessner and the Australian String Quartet on the album Impermanence/Disintegration "Impermanence", by Joep Beving on the album Prehension "Impermanence", by Major Parkinson on the album Twilight Cinema "Impermanence", by Max Cooper on the album Emergence "Impermanence", by Peter Silberman on the album Impermanence "Impermanence", by Ride on the album Weather Diaries"
Barrackpore, Trinidad and Tobago;" Barrackpore is a town in southern Trinidad and Tobago. It is located southeast of San Fernando, east of Debe, and northeast of Penal, and is under the administrative authority of the Penal–Debe Regional Corporation.[1]  It is home to the 7 Pot Barrackpore Pepper.[2] Sundar Popo was a resident of Monkey Town, which is in the northwestern part of Barrackpore. Other popular cricket personalities include Rajindra Dhanraj, Daren Ganga, Jason Mohammed, and Samuel Badree. In the small village, a well-known Digity Mud Volcano can be found.  This Trinidad and Tobago location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
List of people from San Marcos, Texas;"   This is a list of people from San Marcos, Texas in the United States.  The following people were born in San Marcos. Some became famous after moving away.  These people are or were well known for living in San Marcos. They are either non-native, or a birthplace has not yet been confirmed.  10. Tex Hughson  Ty Detmer, Heisman-winning quarterback from Brigham Young University[1][2][3] Eddie Durham, jazz guitarist and early electric guitar innovator Tex Hughson, Boston Red Sox pitcher 1941-49 and father of Jane Hughson, mayor of San Marcos Catalina Vasquez Villalpando, 39th Treasurer of the United States Tino Villanueva, poet and writer[4] Charles Austin, Olympic gold medalist[5] Powers Boothe, Emmy Award-winning actor[5] Ryan Delahoussaye, popular musician and member of the band Blue October Tom Ford, film director and fashion designer Jeremy Furstenfeld, popular musician and member of the band Blue October Justin Furstenfeld, popular musician and member of the band Blue October Aaryn Gries, contestant on Big Brother 15 Heloise (Poncé Kiah Marchelle Heloise Cruse Evans), writer, author, speaker, and syndicated columnist[5][6] C.B. Hudson, popular musician and member of the band Blue October Lyndon B. Johnson, thirty-sixth President of the United States, educated at Texas State University–San Marcos[5][7] Tom Martin, Mayor of Lubbock Matt Noveskey, popular musician and member of the band Blue October Tomás Rivera, influential figure in Chicano and American literature, Texas State University–San Marcos alumni[5] John Sharp, former Texas Comptroller[5] George Strait, Grammy Award-winning musician[5]"
Korlino;" Korlino (Polish pronunciation: [kɔrˈlinɔ], formerly German: Körlin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Postomino, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.[1] It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Postomino, 17 km (11 mi) north of Sławno, and 181 km (112 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.  For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.    Coordinates: 54°30′36″N 16°37′26″E﻿ / ﻿54.51000°N 16.62389°E﻿ / 54.51000, 16.62389  This Sławno County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Tang Huiyao;" The Tang Huiyao (simplified Chinese: 唐会要, traditional Chinese: 唐會要, pinyin: Táng Huìyāo, Wade–Giles: T'ang Huiyao, lit. 'Institutional History of Tang') is an institutional history of Tang dynasty compiled by Wang Pu and presented it to Emperor Taizu of Song in 961. The book contains 100 volumes and 514 sections, it has an abundant content for the period before 846, and scarce material unobtainable from the Tongdian, Old Book of Tang, and New Book of Tang.  It combines the earlier Huiyao compiled by Su Mian, which covers the history of Tang to 779, and the Xu Huiyao by Yang Shaofu and others, which extended the coverage to 846. The compilation was finished by the early Song dynasty, with the addition of small amount of material after the reign of Emperor Xuānzong of Tang included by Wang Pu.    This article about a non-fiction book on Chinese history is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Zhang, Zexian. "Tang Huiyao" ("Institutional History of Tang"). Encyclopedia of China (1st ed.). Tang Huiyao "Institutional History of the Tang Dynasty" — Chinaknowledge.de. v t e"
Cosmopterix holophracta;"   Cosmopterix holophracta is a moth in the family Cosmopterigidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1909. It is found in India.[1]    This article relating to Cosmopterix is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Cosmopteryx holophracta"
Abu Ali, Iran;" Abu Ali (Persian: ابوعلي, also Romanized as Abū ‘Alī)[1] is a village in Balyan Rural District, in the Central District of Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,627, in 299 families.[2]  This Kazerun County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Graševci;" Graševci (Serbian Cyrillic: Грашевци) is a village in the municipality of Brus, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 499 people.[1]  Coordinates: 43°21′N 20°58′E﻿ / ﻿43.350°N 20.967°E﻿ / 43.350, 20.967    This Rasina District, Serbia location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Textiles in folklore;" Mention of textiles in folklore is ancient, and its lost mythic lore probably accompanied the early spread of this art. Textiles have also been associated in several cultures with spiders in mythology.  Weaving begins with spinning. Until the spinning wheel was invented in the 14th century, all spinning was done with distaff and spindle. In English the "distaff side"  indicates relatives through one's mother, and thereby denotes a woman's role in the household economy. In Scandinavia, the stars of Orion's belt are known as Friggjar rockr, "Frigg’s distaff".  The spindle, essential to the weaving art, is recognizable as an emblem of security and settled times in a ruler's eighth-century BCE inscription at Karatepe:  "In those places which were formerly feared, where a man fears... to go on the road, in my days even women walked with spindles" In the adjacent region of North Syria, historian Robin Lane Fox remarks funerary stelae showing men holding cups as if feasting and women seated facing them and holding spindles.[1]  In pre-Dynastic Egypt, nt (Neith) was already the goddess of weaving (and a mighty aid in war as well). She protected the Red Crown of Lower Egypt before the two kingdoms were merged, and in Dynastic times she was known as the most ancient one, to whom the other gods went for wisdom.  According to E. A. Wallis Budge (The Gods of the Egyptians) the root of the word for weaving and also for being are the same: nnt.  Easton's Bible Dictionary (1897) refers to numerous Biblical references to weaving:  Weaving was an art practised in very early times (Ex 35:35). The Egyptians were specially skilled in it (Isa 19:9, Ezek 27:7), and some have regarded them as its inventors.In the wilderness, the Hebrews practised weaving (Ex 26:1, 26:8, 28:4, 28:39, Lev 13:47). It is referred to subsequently as specially the women's work (2 Kings 23:7, Prov 31:13, 24). No mention of the loom is found in Scripture, but we read of the "shuttle" (Job 7:6), "the pin" of the beam (Judg 16:14), "the web" (13, 14), and "the beam" (1 Sam 17:7, 2 Sam 21:19 In Greece the Moirai (the "Fates") are the three crones who control destiny, and the matter of it is the art of spinning the thread of life on the distaff.  Ariadne, the wife of the god Dionysus in Minoan Crete,[citation needed] possessed the spun thread that led Theseus to the center of the labyrinth and safely out again.  Among the Olympians, the weaver goddess is Athena, who, despite her role, was bested by her acolyte Arachne, who was turned later into a weaving spider.[2] The daughters of Minyas, Alcithoe, Leuconoe and their sister, defied Dionysus and honored Athena in their weaving instead of joining his festival. A woven peplos, laid upon the knees of the goddess's iconic image, was central to festivals honoring both Athena at Athens, and Hera.  In Homer's legend of the Odyssey, Penelope the faithful wife of Odysseus was a weaver, weaving her design for a shroud by day, but unravelling it again at night, to keep her suitors from claiming her during the long years while Odysseus was away, Penelope's weaving is sometimes compared to that of the two weaving enchantresses in the Odyssey, Circe and Calypso. Helen is at her loom in the Iliad to illustrate her discipline, work ethic, and attention to detail.  Homer dwells upon the supernatural quality of the weaving in the robes of goddesses.  In Roman literature, Ovid in his Metamorphoses (VI, 575–587) recounts the terrible tale of Philomela, who was raped and her tongue cut out so that she could not tell about her violation, her loom becomes her voice, and the story is told in the design, so that her sister Procne may understand and the women may take their revenge.  The understanding in the Philomela myth that pattern and design convey myth and ritual has been of great use to modern mythographers: Jane Ellen Harrison led the way, interpreting the more permanent patterns of vase-painting, since the patterned textiles had not survived.  For the Norse peoples, Frigg is a goddess associated with weaving. The Scandinavian "Song of the Spear", quoted in "Njals Saga", gives a detailed description of Valkyries as women weaving on a loom, with severed heads for weights, arrows for shuttles, and human gut for the warp, singing an exultant song of carnage. Ritually deposited spindles and loom parts were deposited with the Pre-Roman Iron Age Dejbjerg wagon, a composite of two wagons found ritually deposited in a peat bog in Dejbjerg, Jutland,[3] and are to be associated with the wagon-goddess.  In Germanic mythology, Holda (Frau Holle) and Perchta (Frau Perchta, Berchta, Bertha) were both known as goddesses who oversaw spinning and weaving. They had many names.  Holda, whose patronage extends outward to control of the weather, and source of women's fertility, and the protector of unborn children, is the patron of spinners, rewarding the industrious and punishing the idle. Holda taught the secret of making linen from flax. An account of Holda was collected by the Brothers Grimm, as the fairy tale "Frau Holda". Another of the Grimm tales, "Spindle, Shuttle, and Needle", which embeds social conditioning in fairy tale with mythic resonances, rewards the industrious spinner with the fulfillment of her mantra:  This tale recounts how the magic spindle, flying out of the girl's hand, flew away, unravelling behind it a thread, which the prince followed, as Theseus followed the thread of Ariadne, to find what he was seeking: a bride "who is the poorest, and at the same time the richest". He arrives to find her simple village cottage magnificently caparisoned by the magically aided products of spindle, shuttle and needle.  Jacob Grimm reported the superstition "if, while riding a horse overland, a man should come upon a woman spinning, then that is a very bad sign, he should turn around and take another way." (Deutsche Mythologie 1835, v3.135)  The goddess Brigantia, due to her identification with the Roman Minerva, may have also been considered, along with her other traits, to be a weaving deity.  Weavers had a repertory of tales: in the 15th century Jean d'Arras, a Northern French storyteller (trouvere), assembled a collection of stories entitled Les Évangiles des Quenouilles ("Spinners' Tales"). Its frame story is that these are narrated among a group of ladies at their spinning.[4]  In Baltic myth, Saule is the life-affirming sun goddess, whose numinous presence is signed by a wheel or a rosette. She spins the sunbeams. The Baltic connection between the sun and spinning is as old as spindles of the sun-stone, amber, that have been uncovered in burial mounds. Baltic legends as told have absorbed many images from Christianity and Greek myth that are not easy to disentangle.  The Finnish epic, the Kalevala, has many references to spinning and weaving goddesses.[5]  "When Adam delved and Eve span..." runs the rhyme, though the tradition that Eve span is unattested in Genesis, it was deeply engrained in the medieval Christian vision of Eve. In an illumination from the 13th-century Hunterian Psalter (illustration. left) Eve is shown with distaff and spindle.  In later European folklore, weaving retained its connection with magic.  Mother Goose, traditional teller of fairy tales, is often associated with spinning.[6] She was known as "Goose-Footed Bertha" or Reine Pédauque ("Goose-footed Queen") in French legends as spinning incredible tales that enraptured children.  The daughter who, her father claimed, could spin straw into gold and was forced to demonstrate her talent, aided by the dangerous earth-daemon Rumpelstiltskin was an old tale when the Brothers Grimm collected it.  Similarly, the unwilling spinner of the tale The Three Spinners is aided by three mysterious old women.  In The Six Swans, the heroine spins and weaves starwort in order to free her brothers from a shapeshifting curse.  Spindle, Shuttle, and Needle are enchanted and bring the prince to marry the poor heroine.  Sleeping Beauty, in all her forms, pricks her finger on a spindle, and the curse falls on her.[7]  In Alfred Tennyson's poem "The Lady of Shalott", her woven representations of the world have protected and entrapped Elaine of Astolat, whose first encounter with reality outside proves mortal. William Holman Hunt's painting from the poem (illustration, right) contrasts the completely pattern-woven interior with the sunlit world reflected in the roundel mirror. On the wall, woven representations of Myth ("Hesperides") and Religion ("Prayer") echo the mirror's open roundel, the tense and conflicted Lady of Shalott stands imprisoned within the brass roundel of her loom, while outside the passing knight sings "'Tirra lirra' by the river" as in Tennyson's poem.  A high-born woman sent as a hostage-wife to a foreign king was repeatedly given the epithet "weaver of peace", linking the woman's art and the familiar role of a woman as a dynastic pawn. A familiar occurrence of the phrase is in the early English poem Widsith, who "had in the first instance gone with Ealhild, the beloved weaver of peace, from the east out of Anglen to the home of the king of the glorious Goths, Eormanric, the cruel troth-breaker..."  In Inca mythology, Mama Ocllo first taught women the art of spinning thread.    Multiple individuals have been designated as patron saints of various aspects of textile work. The mythology and folklore surrounding their patronage can be found in their respective hagiographies.  According to the Gospel of James, the Blessed Virgin Mary was weaving the veil for the Holy of Holies when the Annunciation occurred.[9]  In Tang dynasty China, the goddess weaver floated down on a shaft of moonlight with her two attendants.  She showed the upright court official Guo Han in his garden that a goddess's robe is seamless, for it is woven without the use of needle and thread, entirely on the loom. The phrase "a goddess's robe is seamless" passed into an idiom to express perfect workmanship.  This idiom is also used to mean a perfect, comprehensive plan. The Goddess Weaver, daughter of the Celestial Queen Mother and Jade Emperor, wove the stars and their light, known as "the Silver River" (what Westerners call "The Milky Way Galaxy"), for heaven and earth.  She was identified with the star Westerners know as Vega.  In a 4,000-year-old legend, she came down from the Celestial Court and fell in love with the mortal Buffalo Boy (or Cowherd), (associated with the star Altair).  The Celestial Queen Mother was jealous and separated the lovers, but the Goddess Weaver stopped weaving the Silver River, which threatened heaven and earth with darkness.  The lovers were separated, but are able to meet once a year, on the seventh day of the seventh moon.[8] The Japanese folktale Tsuru no Ongaeshi features a weaving theme.  A crane, rescued by a childless elderly couple, appears to them in the guise of a girl who cares for them out of gratitude for their kindness and is adopted as their daughter.  She secretly begins weaving stunningly beautiful cloth for the couple to sell under the condition that they may not see her weave.  Though the couple initially comply, they are overcome with curiosity and find the girl is the crane who has been weaving the cloth from her own feathers, leaving her in a pitiful state.  With her identity discovered, she must leave the remorseful couple.  A variation of the story replaces the elderly couple with a man, who marries the crane when she takes on the form of a young woman. Textiles generally: Anthony Mary Claret is a Catholic patron saint of textile merchants. Saint Homobonus is a Catholic patron saint of tailors and clothworkers. Saint Maurice is considered a patron saint of weavers, dyers, and clothmaking in general in Coptic Orthodoxy, Oriental Orthodoxy, the Roman Catholic Church, and the Eastern Orthodox Church. Parascheva of the Balkans is a patron of embroiderers, needle workers, spinners, and weavers among the Eastern Orthodox. Drapers: St. Blaise is the patron saint of drapers. Dyers: Lydia of Thyatira, a New Testament figure, is a patron saint of dyers in both Catholic and Eastern Orthodox traditions. Saint Maurice is also associated with dyers. Fulling: Anastasius the Fuller is the patron saint of fulling in the Catholic Church. Glove-making: Mary Magdalene is a patron saint of glove-making in the Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox Church. Gummarus is a patron saint of glove-making in the Catholic church. Saints Crispin and Crispinian are Eastern Orthodox patron saints of glove-making. Hosiers: Saint Fiacre is the patron saint of hosiers. Lacework: Saints Crispin and Crispinian are considered patron saints of lacework. Laundry and laundry workers: Clare of Assisi and Saint Veronica are the patron saints of laundry and laundry workers. Millinery: Severus of Avranches is the Catholic patron saint of millinery. Needlework: Clare of Assisi is the patron saint of needlework, and Rose of Lima is the patron saint of embroidery, a specific type of needlework. Parascheva of the Balkans is the patron saint of needlework and other aspects of textiles among the Eastern Orthodox. Pursemakers: Saint Brioc is the patron saint of pursemakers. Seamstresses: Saint Anne is regarded as the patron saint of seamstresses in both Eastern Orthodox and Roman Catholic traditions. Silk workers: Severus of Avranches is the Catholic patron saint of silk workers. Spinning: Saint Catherine is the patron saint of spinners. Tapestry workers: Francis of Assisi is the patron saint of tapestry workers. Weaving: Onuphrius is considered a patron saint of weaving in Coptic, Eastern, and Oriental Orthodoxy as well as Catholic traditions. Saint Maurice and Parascheva of the Balkans are also patrons of weaving, as is Severus of Avranches. Wool workers: Saint Blaise is a patron saint of wool workers revered by the Catholic, Eastern Orthodox, and Oriental Orthodox traditions. Severus of Avranches is also considered a patron saint of wool workers by Catholics. Cultural depictions of spiders God's eye Namkha Tantra Wyrd Norns"
Effacer le tableau;" Effacer le tableau (French pronunciation: ​[efɑse lə tablo], literally "erase the board" or "clean the slate") was the operational name given to the systematic extermination of the Bambuti pygmies by rebel forces in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).[1]  The extermination was carried out by soldiers from the Movement for the Liberation of Congo (MLC), who became known to locals as les effaceurs ("the erasers"), and troops from the Rally for Congolese Democracy (RCD-N).[3]  The primary objective of Effacer le tableau was the territorial conquest of the North Kivu province of the DRC and ethnic cleansing of Pygmies from the Congo's eastern region whose population numbered 90,000 by 2004.[1] The Bambuti were targeted specifically as the rebels considered them "subhuman", and it was believed by the rebels that the flesh of the Bambuti held "magical powers". There were also reports of cannibalism being widespread.[4] It is estimated 60,000 to 70,000[2] Pygmy were killed in the campaign.  In March 2016, the International Criminal Court found Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of human rights violations in the Central African Republic. Bemba was the vice president of the DRC, and leader of the MLC during the year-long extermination campaign,[5] but was fully acquitted by the ICC's appeal court in June 2018.[6]    This Democratic Republic of the Congo-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. View a machine-translated version of the French article. Machine translation, like DeepL or Google Translate, is a useful starting point for translations, but translators must revise errors as necessary and confirm that the translation is accurate, rather than simply copy-pasting machine-translated text into the English Wikipedia. Consider adding a topic to this template: there are already 5,245 articles in the main category, and specifying|topic= will aid in categorization. Do not translate text that appears unreliable or low-quality. If possible, verify the text with references provided in the foreign-language article. You must provide copyright attribution in the edit summary accompanying your translation by providing an interlanguage link to the source of your translation. A model attribution edit summary is Content in this edit is translated from the existing French Wikipedia article at [[:fr:Effacer le tableau]], see its history for attribution. You should also add the template {{Translated|fr|Effacer le tableau}} to the talk page. For more guidance, see Wikipedia:Translation. List by death toll Chronological list Effects on youth Denial Massacre Rape Incitement In relation to Colonialism / War Perpetrators, victims, and bystanders Prevention Psychology Recognition politics Risk factors Stages Stages Studies Types Anti-indigenous Cultural Utilitarian Anti-indigenous Cultural Utilitarian Dzungar genocide (1750s) Circassian genocide (1800s–1870s) Black War (1825–1831) Moriori genocide (1835–c.1860) California genocide (1846–1873) Selk'nam genocide (1890s–1900) Herero and Namaqua genocide (1904–1907) Greek genocide (1914–1922) Sayfo (1914–1924) Armenian genocide (1915–1923) The Holocaust Romani genocide Genocide of Serbs by the Ustashe Genocide of Croats and Muslims by the Chetniks Bangladesh genocide (1971) Ikiza (1972) East Timor genocide (1974–1999) Cambodian genocide (1975–1979) Guatemalan genocide (1981–1983) Gukurahundi (1983–1987) Anfal campaign (1986–1989) Isaaq genocide (1987–1989) Rwandan genocide (1994) Bosnian genocide (1995) Massacres of Hutus (1996–1997) Effacer le tableau (2002–2003) Darfur genocide (2003–) Yazidi genocide (2014–2017) Uyghur genocide (2014–) Rohingya genocide (2016–) Anti-communist mass killings Indonesia 1965–66 Indonesia 1965–66 Atrocities in the Congo Free State Compulsory sterilization Democide Ethnic cleansing Ethnocide Forced assimilation Mass killings under communist regimes Holodomor / genocide question Holodomor / genocide question Predictions of a genocide in Ethiopia v t e"
Afumați, Dolj;" Afumați is a commune in Dolj County, Oltenia, Romania with a population of 3,320 people. It is composed of three villages: Afumați, Boureni and Covei.  This Dolj County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Shooting at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Qualification;" * This event was scheduled for February, but was postponed due to the 2011 Egyptian protests.  [1]  [1]  [1]  [1]  [1]  [1]  [1]  [1]  [1]  [1]  [1]  [1]  [1]  [1]  [1] "
35th Tennessee Infantry Regiment;" The 35th Tennessee Infantry Regiment or Thirty-Fifth Tennessee was an infantry regiment from Tennessee that served with the Confederate States Army in the American Civil War.  The unit was disbanded as a result of General Joseph E. Johnston's surrender to General William T. Sherman on April 26, 1865 in Greensboro, North Carolina.  The 35th Tennessee was organized on September 11, 1861 at Camp Smartt near McMinnville, TN in Warren County.  Originally organized as the 1st Tennessee Mountain Rifle Regiment and then the 5th Tennessee Infantry Regiment.  In November, 1861 it was notified to become the 35th Tennessee because another regiment was organized as the 5th Tennessee some four months prior in West Tennessee.  The Regiment consisted of men from these counties in Southeast Middle Tennessee.   By the end of the war other units was consolidated with the unit:  48th Tennessee Infantry 57th Tennessee Infantry The units had been decimated and it was only logical to consolidate the units.  Colonel - Benjamin Jefferson Hill Lt. Colonel - John L. Spurlock Major/Adjutant - Joseph Brown Surgeon - Dr. William C. Barnes Assistant Surgeon - Dr. James M. Bell Assistant Surgeon- Dr. J.W. Wooten Quartermaster -  Capt. O.F. Brewster Commissary - Capt. James S. Gribble Chaplain - Rev. David B. Ritchey Lt.Sgt - Willem Campbell  Notable battles fought in include Shiloh and Chickamauga.[1]  This article about a specific military unit of the American Civil War is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Shiloh Mufreesboro Chickamauga Chattanooga Missionary Ridge Atlanta Bentonville Warren County Grundy County Van Buren County Cannon County Sequatchie County DeKalb County Hamilton County Bledsoe County List of Tennessee Confederate Civil War units"
Fortifications of Kotor;"   The fortifications of Kotor (Italian: Cattaro) are an integrated historical fortification system that protected the medieval town of Kotor containing ramparts,  towers, citadels, gates, bastions, forts, cisterns, a castle, and ancillary buildings and structures. They incorporate military architecture of Illyria, the Byzantine Empire, Venice, and Austria. Together with the old town and its natural surroundings the fortifications  were inscribed in the list of  World Heritage Sites in 1979 labelled Natural and Culturo-Historical Region of Kotor and represent the only such site of cultural significance in Montenegro.  The fortified city of Kotor was also included in UNESCO's World Heritage Site list as part of Venetian Works of Defence between 15th and 17th centuries: Stato da Terra – western Stato da Mar in 2017.[2]  The top of the mountain of St.John was already fortified during Illyrian times. In the 6th century the Byzantine emperor Justinian I reconstructed the fortress.  With the retreat of the Byzantines, eventually and in spite of numerous incursions some independence was attained, however this had no lasting effects upon the fortifications. This changed when in 1420 the then independent Republic of Cattaro succumbed to  Venetian rule. As part of Albania Veneta the fortifications received their current structure.  During this time there were two Ottoman sieges, in 1538 – 1571 and 1657 – 1699. In 1797 the fortifications passed to the Habsburg monarchy with the Treaty of Campo Formio. In 1805, Kotor was assigned to the French Empire's client state, the Napoleonic Kingdom of Italy by the Treaty of Pressburg, but occupied by Russian troops under Dmitry Senyavin until they left after the Treaty of Tilsit in 1807. Three years later it was incorporated into the French Empire's Illyrian Provinces. The fortifications (then named Cattaro) were attacked by the British naval Captain William Hoste with his ship HMS Bacchante (38 guns). In an "unmilitary manner" he hauled his ships' cannon to positions above the fort using block and tackle and started the shelling.[3][4] After a ten-day siege, the French garrison had no alternative and surrendered on January 5, 1814.[4] With the Congress of Vienna Kotor was returned to the Austrian Empire. After their defeat in World War I the Austrians left and the fortress was no longer manned. During World War II Kotor was occupied by the Axis forces and liberated on November 21, 1944, a date commemorated over the Sea Gate.  Severe earthquakes that damaged the fortifications occurred in 1563, 1667, and most recently, on 15 April 1979.[citation needed]  The medieval part of the town of Kotor is located on a triangular piece of land that is bordered by the most inner extension of the Bay of Kotor at its south-western side, the river Skurda toward the North, and the mountain of St. John (San Giovanni) towards the East. City walls protect the city on its northern and south-western  side, towards the waters. The walls are fortified by bastions, most prominent being the Kampana tower and citadel (13th to 14th century) near the point where the river enters the bay. Close to it is the Sea Gate (also Main Gate) from 1555 allowing access from the bay, the two other  gates to the city are the River Gate (also North Gate) from 1540 with the nearby Bembo Bastion from 1540 and the Gurdic Gate (also South Gate), the latter modified many times  and  fortified by the Gurdic Bastion from 1470. The Bembo Bastion has been converted into an open theatre. Two additional gates were present, one walled up  south of the Sea Gate, the other, Spiljarskia Gate, within the ramparts of the hillside towards the old road to Cetinje.  From the Bembo Bastion and the Gurdic Bastion ramparts climb up to the top of the St. John Mountain that backs the city. The ramparts have positions at various points, within them is a network of communications as well as additional buildings including the Church of Our Lady of Remedy from 1518. On top of the mountain is the San Giovanni castel at a 280-meter height dominating the eastern bay, the fortification system and the city.  Behind the castle hill the inhabitable and mountainous countryside further ascends toward the Lovcen. The circumference of the outer wall is 4.5 km,  with a thickness between 2 and 16 m, and a height up to 20 m.  The 1979 earthquake damaged much of the buildings in Kotor including the fortifications. The site was placed on the World Heritage List the same year, and also on the List in Danger. After rehabilitation it was taken off the latter in 2003, however, most of the rehabilitation took place in the old town. The fortifications are the most significant aspect of the World Heritage site[5] and while they contain elements of different epochs, it was the Venetians who constructed most of the present structures. As such the monument represents one of the most important examples of defensive Venetian military architecture.[5] The International Council on Monuments and Sites urged  in 2001 the revitalization of the fortress.[6] The European Commission took interest in the fortification not only for its cultural significance but also to maintain and develop it as a resource for tourism, a major part of the local economy. It found the fortifications in poor condition. They had been abandoned since the departure of the Austrians in 1918. Lack of maintenance, erosion, earthquakes, and vegetation have contributed to its ongoing deterioration.[5] It was proposed to restore the ramparts of the hillside and the city, and to repair towers and sightseeing points, footpaths and accessory buildings to repair the fortification complex and harness its economic potential.[5]  Bay of Kotor - view from St. John castle  Kampana tower being restored.     Bay of Kotor - view from St. John castle       Kampana tower being restored.              Venetian Works of Defence between the 16th and 17th centuries: Stato da Terra – western Stato da Mar"
Candidates of the 1998 Tasmanian state election;"  The 1998 Tasmanian state election was held on 29 August 1998.  Sitting members are shown in bold text. Tickets that elected at least one MHA are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are indicated by an asterisk (*).  Five seats were up for election, down from seven in 1996. The Labor Party was defending three seats. The Liberal Party was defending four seats.  Jim Cox* Noel Hodgetts Gill James* Peter Kearney Steven Neville Peter Patmore* Helen Polley  Tony Benneworth David Fry Frank Madill* Sue Napier* John Temple  Kim Booth Louise Fairfax Garth Faulkner Karan Jurs Samantha Kerr-Smiley  Bob Bensemann Debbie Butler Roberta Harkness Duncan Mills Philip Tattersall  Tony Bagshaw Robert Blake Merilyn Crack Louise Leslie Harvey Smith Robert Wallace  Roy Slater Tim Woolnough  Five seats were up for election, down from seven in 1996. The Labor Party was defending two seats. The Liberal Party was defending four seats. The Tasmanian Greens were defending one seat.  Brenton Best* Ella Bramich Mike Gard Bryan Green* Peter Hollister Steve Kons* Stuart Mackey  Bill Bonde* Carole Cains Tony Rundle* Brett Whiteley Michael Wickham  Oliver Field Di Hollister Paul O'Halloran Karin Packer Clare Thompson  Petita Abblitt Gary Lane Peter Rettke Gavin Thompson Wally Weaver  Laurie Heathorn John Mackenzie  Peter Stokes Andrew Vanderfeen  Rodney Blenkhorn  Five seats were up for election, down from seven in 1996. The Labor Party was defending three seats. The Liberal Party was defending three seats. The Tasmanian Greens were defending one seat.  Jim Bacon* Andy Bennett Luigi Bini Deb Carnes Judy Jackson* Gwynn Mac Carrick Stuart Slade  Bob Cheek* Ray Groom* Michael Hodgman Steven Mavrigiannakis John Remess  Simon Baptist Dick Friend Mat Hines Trish Moran Peg Putt*  Brent Blackburn Chris Ivory  Geoff Churchill Frank Hesman Inez McCarthy John Presser Barbara Woods  Jenny Forward Mathew Munro  Gregory Broszczyk Bob Campbell Bob Elliston Informal Matthew Piscioneri  Five seats were up for election, down from seven in 1996. The Labor Party was defending three seats. The Liberal Party was defending two seats. The Tasmanian Greens were defending one seat. One seat had been held by Independent MHA Bruce Goodluck.  Fran Bladel* Trevor Cordwell Ken Langston Paul Lennon* Neville Oliver Lin Thorp Paula Wriedt*  Mark Ashton Peter Hodgman* Martin McManus Jane Shoobridge Matt Smith*  Louise Crossley Mike Foley Marie Giblin Penny King Rachel Leary  Robert Bell Peter Kreet  Don Burgess Dallas Hoggett Wendy Hyde David Jackson Carol Reynolds  Rhonda Cains Theresa Hunniford Graeme Norris  Sue Clark Flora Fox  Five seats were up for election, down from seven in 1996. The Labor Party was defending three seats. The Liberal Party was defending three seats. The Tasmanian Greens were defending one seat.  Ken Bacon* Lara Giddings David Llewellyn* Michael Polley* Danial Rochford Scott Wiggins  John Gee Rene Hidding* Bob Mainwaring Denise Swan* Carmel Torenius  Sonia Chirgwin John Collins Ted Field Christine Milne Neil Smith  Will Frank Darryl Gerrity Jack Kelly Dave Pickford M. Turner  John White (Denison) John Beswick (Bass) John Cleary (Franklin) Ron Cornish (Braddon) Bruce Goodluck (Franklin) Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1996–1998 Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1998–2002 Tasmanian Parliamentary Library"
Falinge Park High School;"   Falinge Park High School is an 11–16 mixed comprehensive school in Shawclough area of the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale in Greater Manchester, United Kingdom.[3] The school has been recognised as an Investor in People and has gained the International School Award, as well as Artsmark Gold, Sportsmark Gold and the Healthy Schools status.[4] In 2010 Ofsted inspection it was found to be "a good school where pupils rise to the high expectations of the headteacher and staff".[4]  The school was founded as Rochdale Municipal High School for Girls in 1935. In 1953 it became Rochdale Grammar School for Girls, with an intake of 350[5][6] and in the 1970s it became a 13- to 18-year-old mixed sex school called Greenhill Upper School.[7] Over the years the schools capacity has increased to 1,200 through a number of additional buildings.[6] 31 August 1988 it was renamed to Falinge Park Upper School as a result of an amalgamation with another school.[7][8][9] The school was renamed again to the school's current name, Falinge Park High School 31 August 1990 due to a borough reorganisation and the intake changed to the current 11–16 age range.[3][7][9]  The school is located in the Shawclough area of Rochdale, bordering Falinge. It is named after the nearby Falinge Park and is situated just across the road from the park itself.[10] The majority of pupils come from the Shawclough, Falinge and Spotland areas of Rochdale, though some pupils travel from areas such as Syke and Norden. The town centre is approximately 10 minutes walk from the main gate to the school, which makes it ideal for the pupils and staff who have to travel via public transport.  Starting August 2012[6] the school is being rebuilt with the construction of a new three-storey building on the site, and a refurbishment of the existing sports hall and gym. The existing specialist ICT accommodation and dance studio will be retained.[11] The rebuild project is due to be complete January 2014,[6] the demolition of old buildings began April 2014[12] and was completed by June 2014.[13]  Pupils moved into the 'New Build' in January 2014.  A new Modern Foreign Languages (MFL) block has been recently added.  Michael Ratu is a professional rugby league player, who plays for Hull Kingston Rovers. He attended the school[14] until 2004. Michelle Holmes, actress who played Sue (blonde hair) in Rita, Sue and Bob Too Liz Kershaw, radio presenter on 6 Music, and formerly Radio 1 Nick Nuttall, executive at the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change in Berlin"
Felix Latzke;" Felix Latzke (born 1 February 1942, in Vienna) is an Austrian football (soccer) former player and manager.  Most notably he was co-manager of the Austria national football team in the 1982 FIFA World Cup, with Georg Schmidt, and was thus infamously credited for the Shame of Gijón, a somewhat dubious 0-1 loss to West Germany.    This biographical article related to association football in Austria, about a forward, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Felix Latzke at WorldFootball.net v t e 1 Koncilia 2 Krauss 3 Obermayer (c) 4 Degeorgi 5 Pezzey 6 Hattenberger 7 Schachner 8 Prohaska 9 Krankl 10 Hintermaier 11 Jara 12 Pichler 13 Hagmayr 14 Baumeister 15 Dihanich 16 Messlender 17 Pregesbauer 18 Jurtin 19 Weber 20 Welzl 21 Feurer 22 Lindenberger Coach: Latzke & Schmidt v t e Meisl (1912–14) Retschury (1914–19) Meisl (1919–37) Retschury (1937) Zankl (1945) Bauer (1945–48) Frühwirth (1948) Nausch (1948–54) Kaulich (1954–55) Molzer (1955) Geyer (1955–56) Molzer & Argauer (1956–58) Frey, Putzendopler, Selzer & Molzer (1958) Decker (1958–64) Walter & Guttmann (1964) Frühwirth (1964–67) Alge & Pesser (1967–68) Šťastný (1968–75) Elsnerc (1975) Senekowitsch (1976–78) Stotz (1978–81) Latzke & Schmidt (1982) Hof (1982–84) Elsner (1985–87) Hickersberger (1988–90) Riedl (1990–91) Constantinic (1991) Happel (1991–92) Constantinic (1992) Prohaska (1993–99) Barić (1999–2001) Krankl (2002–05) Ruttensteiner, Herzog & Kovacicc (2005) Hickersberger (2006–08) Brückner (2008–09) Constantini (2009–11) Ruttensteinerc (2011) Koller (2011–17) Foda (2018–22) Rangnick (2022–) v t e Brinek (1959–61) Hahnemann (1961–62) Wagner (1962–63) Brinek (1963–65) Schrettl & Sommer (1965) Bulla (1965) Šťastný (1966–68) Elsner (1968–70) Barić (1970–72) Ri. Kirchler (1972) Elsner (1972) Herlan (1973) Gebhardt (1973–74) Elsner (1974–76) Pfister (1976–77) Keßler (1977–78) Eigenstiller (1978) Baróti (1979) Velhorn (1979–80) Wolny (1980–83) Binder (1983–84) Brom (1984–85) We. Schwarz & Peer (1985) Latzke (1985–87) Happel (1987–91) Hrubesch (1992) Elsner (1992) Skocik (1993) Köppel (1993–94) Wo. Schwarz (1994) Krankl (1994–95) Constantini (1995–97) Peischl (1997) Cipro (1997–98) Jara (1999–2001) Binder (2001) Löw (2001–02) Streiter (2002–03) Kraft (2003–04) Cherchesov (2004–06) Straka (2006–07) Vogler (2007) Søndergaard (2007) Kraft (2007–08) Kogler (2008–12) Ro. Kirchler (2012–13) Klausner (2013) Streiter (2013–14) Klausner (2014) Schmidt (2014–16) Schrott (2016) Jacobacci (2016) Grumser (2016–17) Daxbacher (2017–19) Grumser (2019) Bierofka (2020–21) Morass (2021–22) Oenning (2022–) v t e Gentner (1919–21) Townley (1921) Willnecker (1922–23)  Schwärzel (1925–27) Hetzel (1927–30) Tauchert (1930–37) Neumann (1938–40) Ruchay (1940–47) Pahlke (1946–47) Kratsch (1947) Pennig (1947–48) Marquet (1948–49) Engelhardt (1949) Rebell (1949–50) Mauruschat (1950–51) Wendlandt (1951–54) Pliska (1954–55) Weidinger (1955–56) Günderoth (1956) Medve (1956–61) Knoll (1961–62) Striebinger (1962–63)  Hoffmann (1963–66) Günderoth (1966) Körner (1966–67)  Rößling (1967) Lindemann (1967–69) Berninger (1969) Lindemann (1967–69) Wendlandt (1969–70) Sinn (1970–73) Wendlandt (1973) Rohr (1973–75) Rudinski (1975–77) Čendić (1977–78) Günderoth (1978) Gawliczek (1979–80) Sinn (80) Schlappner (1980–87) Latzke (1987–88) Sebert (1988–91) Herr (1991) Toppmöller (1993) Sundermann (1993) Herr (1993–94) Stielike (1994–95) Neues (1995) Dickgießer (1995) Schlappner (1995–96) Sebert (1996–97) Rapolder (1997–01) Pradt (2001) Egli (2001–02) Pradt (2002–03) Kuntz (2003) Olscha (2003–04) Hach (2004) Gaudino (2004–05) Petrović (2005) Morales (2005–06) Menze (2006–07) Conrad (2007–09) Pradt (2009–10) Hollich (2010–13) Clauß (2013) Koçak (2013–16) Dais (2016–17) Fink (2017–18) Trares (2018–20) Glöckner (2020–22) Neidhart (2022–) v t e Nicholson (1897–00) Hayes (1912–13) Studnicka (1920–22) Kohn (?) Frithum (1926–35) Gschweidl (1935–48) Blum (1938–45) Rainer (1948–49) Hofmann (1949–50) Decker (1951–52) Hahnemann (1952–53) Hofmann (1953–58) Fischer (1958–59) Molzer (1960) Gernhardt (1960–62) Engelmeier (1962–64) Körner (1964–67) Koller (1968) Hofstätter (1968–69) Hložek (1969–71) Franz (1972–73) Walzhofer (1973–78) Velhorn (1978) Beara (1979) Leitner (1979–80) Maurer (1980–81) Hasil (1982) Trimmel / Hacker (1983) Schulz (1983–84) Hložek (1984–87) Dokupil (1987–89) Latzke (1990–91) Leitl (1991–92) Eggenberger (1992–97) Senekowitsch (1997) Barthold (1997–98) Sippel (1998) Skocik (1998–00) Šormaz (2001) Garger (2001–04) Weiss (2004–06) Drazan (2006–07) Stöger (2007–10) Schinkels (2010) Tatar (2010–13) Fellner (2013) Garger (2013–14) Posch (2014) Slunecko (2014–15) Lipa (2015–16) Kleer (2016–2018) Fischer (2018) Hlinka (2018–2020) Zellhofer (2020–) v t e Strittich (1963) Mrakowitsch (1985–1987) Adamec (1987–88) Barthold (1988–89) Barić (1990–91) Latzke (1991) Marković (1991) Weber (1992) Lukic (1992–93) Mrakowitsch (1993) Gudelj (1994) Djuricic (1994–95) Koljanin (1995–96) Blutsch (1996–98) Eggenberger (1998) Sundermann (1999) Hochedlinger (1999) Stromberger (2006–07) Russ (2007–08) Stromberger(c) (2008) Lukic (2008–10) Glieder (2010–12) Stromberger(c) (2012) Kensy (2012–13) Milot(c) (2013) Kraft (2013–14) Ketelaer (2014–15) Scheiblehner (2015–2019) Kaltak(c) (2019) Wahlmüller (2019–20) Milot (2020–21) Madlener (2021–) v t e Pesser (1953–60) Stroh (1960–63) Decker (1964–65) Schlechta (1965–66) Decker (1966–68) Pesser (1968–69) Hof (1969–71) Unknown (1971–74) Hof (1974–79) Schlechta (1980–81) Kaltenbrunner (1981) Frank (1981–83) Brzeżańczyk (1983–84) Flögel (1984–85) Eggenberger (1985–86) Skocik (1986) Eggenberger (1986–87) Kranklc (1987) Hof (1987) Hložek (1987) Hasil/Krankl (1987–88) Herbert (1988–89) Riedl (1989–90) Janotka (1990–91) Pinter (1991–92) Medvidc (1992) Kaipel (1992–93) Hörmayer (1993) Kaipelc (1993) Schaller (1993) Dallosc (1993–94) Blutsch (1994–95) Barthold (1995–97) Latzke (1997) Reisinger (1997) Zirngast (1998) Binderc (1998) Herbert (1998–2001) Kaipel (2001–02) Webora (2002–03) Müllnerc (2003) Dallos (2003–04) Müllnerc (2004) Kaipel (2004) Šegrt (2004–06) Thalhammer (2006) Kaipel (2006–07) Batričević (2007) Schöttel (2007–08) Batričević (2008–09) Ristic (2009) Kleer (2009–10) Drazan (2010) Radaj (2010–11) Maresch (2011–12) Handlc (2012) Kraft (2012–13) Kaipelc (2013) Jusits (2013–14) Günesc (2014) Uhlig (2014–15) Reisinger (2015–16) Jank (2016–17) Führerc (2017) Schweitzer (2017–19) Weinstabl (2019–) v t e Braun (1956–57) Unknown (1957–66) Günthner (1966–70) Praschak (1970–73) Senekowitsch (1973–75) Franz (1975–76) Wodal (1976) Günthner (1976–77) Brzić (1977) Wodal (1977) Latzke (1977–78) Milanovich (1978–79) Praschak (1979–81) Wieger (1981–82) Milanovich (1982–83) Kriess (1983–84) Miklavić (1984–85) Milanovich (1985–87) Kondert (1987–88) Kreuz (1988–90) Milanovich (1990) Mandziara (1990–92) Mirnegg (1992) Latzke (1992–93) Knaller (1993–95) Kiesenebner (1995) Hintermaier (1995) Hochhauser (1995–96) Kranjčar (1996) Werner(c) (1996) Ruttensteiner (1996–97) Baumgartner (1997) Kensy (1998–2003) Zeller (2003–04) Mirnegg (2004–05) Blutsch (2005–07) Hasanovic (2007) Spiegel (2007–08) Perzy(c) (2008) Kensy (2008–11) Perzy(c) (2011) Weissenböck (2011–12) Perzy(c) (2012) Stöhr (2012–13) Genc (2013–14) Wahlmüller (2014–16) Wimleitner/Babler(c) (2016) Schmidt (2016–17) Gorenzel-Simonitschk (2017) Wimleitner(c) (2017) Sageder (2017–19) Doma(c) (2019) Djuricin (2019) Brunmayr (2020–21) Scheiblehner (2021–) v t e"
Annia;" Annia may refer to:  Annia gens, an ancient Roman clan any Roman woman of the gens (see for list), including: Paculla Annia, a priestess involved in the suppression of the Bacchanalia in 186 BC Paculla Annia, a priestess involved in the suppression of the Bacchanalia in 186 BC Via Annia, a Roman road in Cisalpine Gaul named for a member of the gens Annia Annia (insect), a disused synonym for a genus of praying mantises Annius (disambiguation) Anna (disambiguation) Annaea gens Anneia"
Animal Metaphor Test;" The Animal Metaphor Test is a projective psychological test created by Albert J. Levis, the director and founder of the Museum of the Creative Process, in 1988.[1][2] The Animal Metaphor Test is one of many tests that are part of Levis' Conflict Analysis Battery, a collection of psychological tests.[3]  The Animal Metaphor test consists of a series of creative and analytical prompts. Unlike conventional projective tests, the Animal Metaphor works as both a diagnostic and therapeutic battery. Unlike the Rorschach test and TAT, the Animal Metaphor is premised on self-analysis via self-report questions. The test combines facets of art therapy, cognitive behavioral therapy, and insight therapy, while also providing a theoretical platform of behavioral analysis.  The test has been used widely as a clinical tool, as an educational assessment, and in human resource selection. The test was developed at the Center for the Study of Normative Behavior in Hamden, Connecticut, a clinical training and research center.[4] "
George Woodcock (trade unionist);"   George Woodcock, CBE (20 October 1904 – 30 October 1979[1]) was a British trade unionist and general secretary of the Trades Union Congress from 1960 to 1969.  Born and brought up in Bamber Bridge, Lancashire, he started work at age 12 in the local cotton mill.[1] He became, in 1924, an official of the Bamber Bridge and District Weavers' Union. He was also active in the Independent Labour Party and the Labour Party. In 1929 he won a TUC scholarship to Ruskin College, Oxford, in 1929. Having distinguished himself at undergraduate and postgraduate level, and following two years in the civil service, Woodcock joined the TUC in 1936 as head of the research and economic department. Here, Woodcock was much influenced by leading moderates in the trade union movement, such as Walter Citrine and Ernest Bevin, and also by the economic ideas of John Maynard Keynes.  In 1947 he became the TUC's Assistant General Secretary and in 1960, was appointed General Secretary, serving in that position until 1969. In 1970 Woodcock was a candidate for the Chancellorship of the University of Kent at Canterbury, but lost to Jo Grimond. "
Hagr As Sai'ar District;" Hagr As Sai'ar District (Arabic: مديرية حجر الصيعر) is a district of the Hadhramaut Governorate, Yemen. As of 2003, the district had a population of 2,474 inhabitants.[1]  This article about a location in the Hadhramaut Governorate of  Yemen is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Dhule Municipal Corporation;"   The Dhule Municipal Corporation is the governing body of the city of Dhule in the Indian state of Maharashtra. The municipal corporation consists of democratically elected members, is headed by a mayor and administers the city's infrastructure, public services and police. Members from the state's leading various political parties hold elected offices in the corporation. Municipal Corporation mechanism in India was introduced during British Rule with formation of municipal corporation in Madras (Chennai) in 1688, later followed by municipal corporations in Bombay (Mumbai) and Calcutta (Kolkata) by 1762.[1] Dhule Municipal Corporation has been formed with functions to improve the infrastructure of town.  The following are the Income sources for the Corporation from the Central and State Government.[2][3][4]  Following is the Tax related revenue for the corporation.  Following is the Non Tax related revenue for the corporation.  The Dhule Municipal Corporation is headed by a Municipal Commissioner, generally a senior officer state cadre officer/an IAS officer. The commissioner wields the executive power of the house. A quinquennial election is held to elect corporators to power. The corporators are responsible for overseeing that their constituencies have the basic civic infrastructure in place, and that there is no lacuna on the part of the authorities. The mayor is the head of the house, who is usually from the majority party. All administrative business in the municipal corporation is conducted in Marathi.  Property tax. Profession tax. Entertainment tax. Grants from Central and State Government like Goods and Services Tax. Advertisement tax. Water usage charges. Fees from Documentation services. Rent received from municipal property. Funds from municipal bonds"
Cedric Delves;"   Lieutenant General Sir Cedric Norman George Delves, KBE, DSO (born 1 March 1947) is a retired British Army officer and a former commander of the 22nd Special Air Service Regiment.  Delves was commissioned from the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst into the Devonshire and Dorset Regiment of the Prince of Wales's Division on 2 August 1968,[1] and promoted lieutenant on 2 February 1970.[2] Having been promoted to captain on 2 August 1974,[3] he passed selection for the Special Air Service (SAS) and undertook tours in Northern Ireland for which he was Mentioned in Despatches in December 1979 for services between 1 May and 31 July 1979[4] and again in December 1981 for services between 1 May and 31 July 1981.[5] Still serving with the Devonshire and Dorset Regiment, he was promoted major on 30 September 1980.[6]  Delves distinguished himself on 21 April 1982 when, as Officer Commanding D Squadron 22nd Special Air Service Regiment, he captured Grytviken on South Georgia without loss of life. He followed this up on 15 May when his squadron destroyed eleven Argentine aircraft at Pebble Island (the Raid on Pebble Island), on 21 May when he led a deceptive raid on Darwin, and again on 31 May at Mount Kent in the Falkland Islands where he took his squadron 40 miles behind enemy lines and secured a firm hold on the area allowing conventional forces to be brought in.[7]  For his leadership during these operations, Delves was awarded the Distinguished Service Order. His citation, published in the London Gazette, reads:  Major Delves commanded D Squadron Special Air Service Regiment during a brilliantly successful series of operations carried out in South Georgia and the Falkland Islands. Both operations proved to be critically important to the conduct of the two campaigns. In South Georgia, his soldiers had to operate in extremes of climate which bordered on the limits of survivability. In spite of the difficulties, Major Delves was able to insert the necessary surveillance patrols into his area of responsibility overlooking Stromness Bay. This was achieved in spite of one of his patrols becoming involved in two helicopter crashes, and another losing half its strength when it was scattered into the night by 100 mph katabatic winds. On 21st April after the engagement of the enemy submarine SANTA FE, Major Delves led his men into the Cumberland Bay East and captured Grytviken employing two of his SAS troops. By his quick decisive action and personal display of courage, he was able to accomplish the fall of Grytviken without a single loss of life. The next day he ordered his remaining troop to go ashore in Stromness Bay and accept the surrender of the remaining enemy forces in South Georgia. On the early morning of 15th May, Major Delves led his men in delivering a devastating blow to the enemy air capability on Pebble Island in the Falkland Islands. In a daring and well executed series of moves—described as a classic of its time—in which he was able to determine the layout of the enemy positions, he infiltrated the enemy defences and by skilful use of his own men and Naval gunfire, he and his men destroyed eleven aircraft on the ground and over a ton of explosive. On 21st May only hours after his Squadron had received a most cruel blow when it lost a significant proportion of its number in a helicopter crash, Major Delves led his men out once again in order to carry out a deceptive raid onto the enemy position at Darwin. So successful was he in his aim of drawing off the enemy reserves from the real landing position, that the enemy were heard to inform their higher HQ that they were under attack from at least a battalion of men. Following the successful establishment of the beachhead in San Carlos Water, Major Delves took his Squadron 40 miles behind the enemy lines and established a position overlooking the main enemy stronghold in Port Stanley where at least 7,000 troops were known to be based. By a series of swift operations, skilful concealment and lightning attacks against patrols sent out to find him, he was able to secure a sufficiently firm hold on the area after ten days for the conventional forces to be brought in. This imaginative operation behind the enemy lines provided our forces with psychological and military domination over the enemy from which it never recovered. In all the operations described, Major Delves led his men, coolly directing operations when under intensive fire from the enemy. He was an inspiration to his men, and made a unique contribution to the overall success of operations in South Georgia and the Falkland Islands.[7] Serving with the Devonshire and Dorset Regiment, Delves was promoted lieutenant colonel on 30 June 1986.[8] He succeeded Lieutenant Colonel Andrew Massey as commander of 22nd Special Air Service Regiment,[9] when British Special Forces carried out the Death on the Rock operation which resulted in the death of three Provisional Irish Republican Army bombers in Gibraltar.[10] Appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire on 15 June 1990,[11] Delves was promoted colonel fifteen days later,[12] and soon afterwards on 31 December 1990 promoted brigadier.[13]  In 1993, Delves was appointed Director Special Forces and,[14] by December 1995, he was leading Special Operations in Bosnia as Commander of the Combined Joint Special Operations Task Force (CJSOTF), a component of the Implementation Force (IFOR).[15]  Delves was appointed General Officer Commanding 3rd (UK) Division and promoted major general on 5 July 1996,[16] in which role he was deployed to Bosnia in January 1998 as Commander of Multi-National Division (South-West).[17] He was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire on 31 December 1996,[18] and awarded a Queen's Commendation for Valuable Service on 7 May 1999 for his service in former Yugoslavia between 22 June and 30 September 1998.[19]  By 1999 Delves was Chief of Joint Forces Operational Readiness and Training.[20] He became Deputy Commander-in-Chief at Land Command (subsequently retitled 'Commander Field Army') in the rank of lieutenant general in December 2000.[21][22] On 1 April 2001, Delves was appointed Colonel Commandant of the Small Arms School Corps.[23]  Delves was appointed the British representative to United States Central Command in Tampa, Florida for the War in Afghanistan on 17 January 2002.[24][25] While at Central Command, American General Tommy Franks oversaw the military effort against al-Qaeda in Afghanistan. Delves had succeeded Air Marshal Jock Stirrup as focus changed from air operations to a campaign conducted largely by special forces on the ground.[25] This appointment was just prior to the Invasion of Iraq, and Delves went on to be Deputy Commander at NATO HQ Allied Forces North at Brunssum in September 2003.[26] On 31 December 2002 he was appointed Colonel of the Devonshire and Dorset Regiment.[27] He was knighted as a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire in June 2003 and,[28] on 1 October, was succeeded as Colonel Commandant of the Small Arms School Corps by Lieutenant General Sir Redmond Watt,[29] Delves having been appointed Deputy Commander-in-Chief Regional Headquarters Allied Forces North Europe on 30 September 2003.[30]  In December 2003, Delves lost a leg when he was crushed against a wall by a drunk driver in Maastricht in the Netherlands.[10] He retired due to disability on 17 March 2005.[31] and relinquished the appointment of Colonel of the Devonshire and Dorset Regiment on 1 February 2007 on formation of The Rifles.[32]  In retirement, Delves became a Director of Olive Group, a security business.[33] In April 2006 he was appointed to oversee intelligence operations with the Serious Organised Crime Agency (SOCA) during the time of the merger of investigative services of the Customs and Police.[34] He became Lieutenant of the Tower of London in March 2007,[35] and was succeeded by Lieutenant-General Peter Pearson on 4 May 2010.[36]  Delves joined the Board of Trustees of BLESMA in 2009 and was elected National Chairman in 2010.[37]  Delves is also an accomplished photographer and regularly wins competitions.[38][39]  Delves is married to Suzy.[40] "
Thái Hà station;" Thái Hà Station (Vietnamese: Ga Thái Hà) is a metro station in Hanoi, located in Đống Đa, Hanoi.[1]  Coordinates: 21°0′52″N 105°49′10″E﻿ / ﻿21.01444°N 105.81944°E﻿ / 21.01444, 105.81944 "
Annulus (mathematics);" In mathematics, an annulus (plural annuli or annuluses) is the region between two concentric circles. Informally, it is shaped like a ring or a hardware washer. The word "annulus" is borrowed from the Latin word anulus or annulus meaning 'little ring'. The adjectival form is annular (as in annular eclipse).  The open annulus is topologically equivalent to both the open cylinder S1 × (0,1) and the punctured plane.  The area of an annulus is the difference in the areas of the larger circle of radius R and the smaller one of radius r:  The area of an annulus is determined by the length of the longest line segment within the annulus, which is the chord tangent to the inner circle, 2d in the accompanying diagram. That can be shown using the Pythagorean theorem since this line is tangent to the smaller circle and perpendicular to its radius at that point, so d and r are sides of a right-angled triangle with hypotenuse R, and the area of the annulus is given by  The area can also be obtained via calculus by dividing the annulus up into an infinite number of annuli of infinitesimal width dρ and area 2πρ dρ and then integrating from ρ = r to ρ = R:  The area of an annulus sector of angle θ, with θ measured in radians, is given by  In complex analysis an annulus ann(a, r, R) in the complex plane is an open region defined as  If r is 0, the region is known as the punctured disk (a disk with a point hole in the center) of radius R around the point a.  As a subset of the complex plane, an annulus can be considered as a Riemann surface. The complex structure of an annulus depends only on the ratio r/R. Each annulus ann(a, r, R) can be holomorphically mapped to a standard one centered at the origin and with outer radius 1 by the map  The inner radius is then r/R < 1.  The Hadamard three-circle theorem is a statement about the maximum value a holomorphic function may take inside an annulus.  Annular cutter Annulus theorem/conjecture – In mathematics, on the region between two well-behaved spheres List of geometric shapes Spherical shell Torus – Doughnut-shaped surface of revolution Visual calculus#Description – Visual mathematical proofs, for an alternative approach to the area of the annulus"
Astrocaryum ferrugineum;"   Astrocaryum ferrugineum (syn. Astrocaryum murumuru Wallace var. ferrugineum (F.Kahn & B.Millán) A.J.Hend.) is a palm native to Amazon Rainforest in Brazil.    This Cocoseae article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This tree-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. M.M. Grandtner, Julien Chevrette (21 September 2013). Dictionary of Trees, Volume 2: South America: Nomenclature, Taxonomy and Ecology. Academic Press. p. 49. ISBN 978-0-12-396954-5. Wikidata: Q4811542 CoL: J3X5 EoL: 1132064 GBIF: 2738061 iNaturalist: 364281 IPNI: 984103-1 NCBI: 1198273 Open Tree of Life: 165416 Plant List: kew-17522 POWO: urn:lsid:ipni.org:names:984103-1 Tropicos: 50237741 WFO: wfo-0000293349 v t e v t e"
Maxime Soulas;" Maxime Henry Armand Soulas (born 19 May 1999) is a French football player who plays as a centre-back for Danish Superliga club SønderjyskE.  On 1 July 2017, Soulas signed his professional deal with PSV Eindhoven, signing a contract until 2020.[2] He made his Eerste Divisie debut for Jong PSV on 1 September 2017 in a game against Jong Ajax.[3]  On 11 August 2020, Soulas joined Danish 1st Division club Fremad Amager.[4] A year later, on 28 August 2021, Soulas moved to Danish Superliga club SønderjyskE, signing a deal until June 2025.[5]  This biographical article related to association football in France, about a defender born in the 1990s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Kurobane Domain;" Kurobane Domain (黒羽藩, Kurobane-han) was a feudal domain under the Tokugawa shogunate of Edo period Japan, located in the Nasu District of Shimotsuke Province (modern-day Tochigi Prefecture), Japan. It was centered on Kurobane jin'ya in what is now part of the city of Ōtawara, Tochigi. Kurobane was ruled through all of its history by the tozama Ōzeki clan.[1]  After Tokugawa Ieyasu took control over the Kantō region in 1590, he assigned a 13,000 koku holding in northern Shimotsuke Province to Ōzeki Takamasu, the head of one of the seven leading samurai clans from the area. His son, Ōzeki Sukemasu, fought a rear-guard action against the Uesugi clan in Aizu during the Battle of Sekigahara and was rewarded with an increase in kokudaka to 20,000 koku and was confirmed as daimyō of Kurobane.  Although their residence was styled as a jin'ya, it was built in the former central bailey of the clan’s ancestral Kurobane Castle, which was located on a 50-meter tall hill, with moats, earthen ramparts and yagura watchtowers.  During the time of the 4th daimyō, Ōzeki Masuchika, the domain was divided, with 1000 koku going to each of his two younger brothers. In 1689, the noted haiku poet Matsuo Basho spent 14 day at Kurobane while traveling the Tohoku region and writing the Oku no Hosomichi. This was the longest stay in any one location during his journey. The 15th daimyō, Ōzeki Masuhiro, served in a number of important posts within the Bakumatsu period Tokugawa shogunate, including Kaigun bugyō and wakadoshiyori. He also improved the domain’s military by introducing the Spencer repeating rifle and western military technologies. The 16th and final daimyō, Ōzeki Masatoshi, sided with the Satchō Alliance in the Boshin War of the Meiji Restoration, and fought in the Battle of Aizu.  After the abolition of the han system in July 1871, Kurobane Domain became part of Tochigi Prefecture.   The domain had a population of 19,493 people in 3666 households, of which 1937 were samurai in 638 households per a census in 1870. [2]  As with most domains in the han system, Kurobane Domain consisted of several discontinuous territories calculated to provide the assigned kokudaka, based on periodic cadastral surveys and projected agricultural yields.[3][4]  Shimotsuke Province 47 villages in Nasu District 7 villages in Haga District 47 villages in Nasu District 7 villages in Haga District Papinot, E (1910). Historical and Geographic Dictionary of Japan. Tuttle (reprint) 1972."
Adithya Jorry Guruh;" Adithya Jorry Guruh Setiawan (born 18 March 2001) is an Indonesian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Liga 1 club PSIS Semarang.  He made his professional debut in the Liga 1 on 1 March 2020, against Persipura Jayapura where he played as a substitute. This season was suspended on 27 March 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The season was abandoned and was declared void on 20 January 2021.[2]    This biographical article related to association football in Indonesia, about a forward, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Claremont Football Club;"   The Claremont Football Club, nicknamed Tigers, is an Australian rules football club based in Claremont, Western Australia, that currently plays in the West Australian Football League (WAFL) and WAFL Women's (WAFLW). Its official colours are navy blue and gold. Formed as the "Cottesloe Beach Football Club" in 1906, the club entering the WAFL in 1925 as the "Claremont-Cottesloe Football Club"', changing its name to the present in 1935. Claremont have won 12 senior men's premierships since entering the competition, including most recently the 2011 and 2012 premierships.  It was formed as the amateur Cottesloe Beach Football Club in 1906, and joined the peak amateur competition, the Western Australian Football Association the following year. The club dominated the WAFA from the outset, winning premierships from 1907–1910, and in 1908 it beat WAFL club Subiaco in a challenge match.  Applications by the club to join the WAFL were rejected for many years. In 1919, the Cottesloe Beach club merged with a consortium from Claremont which was also attempting to gain entry to the WAFL and had no contracted players, but claimed to have secured use of the Claremont Showground as a home ground. In 1921, the club was admitted to the WAFL "B" Grade competition, as Claremont-Cottesloe, using the same blue and gold colours as the local swimming club, being finally admitted to the senior league in 1926.  The inaugural captain-coach was former South Fremantle and Richmond player Norm McIntosh, who was the only player with senior experience. McIntosh's young squad could only win one game in their first season.  In 1927, the club moved to Claremont Oval, where it has been the club's home ground, with the exception of 1945 and 1946, where, due to the grandstand burning down in 1944, and the condition of the playing surface, the club shared with Subiaco Oval with the Subiaco Football Club.  Between 1926 and 1935 Claremont won just 40 and drew 2 of 183 games for an overall success rate of 22.4%.  The nearest they came to qualifying for the finals was in 1929 when, with 8 wins and 10 defeats, they finished just four points plus percentage behind 4th placed Subiaco.  Even when Swan Districts was admitted to the competition in 1934 Claremont-Cottesloe continued to underachieve, ending up with the wooden spoon for the 7th time in 9 seasons.  In 1935 the club officially dropped 'Cottesloe' from its name, becoming simply 'Claremont', and with the return of George Moloney in 1936 following his five seasons with Geelong Football Club in Australian football's 'big league' the VFL Claremont enjoyed its best WANFL season to date, winning 12 and losing 8 of its home and away matches to qualify for the finals in 2nd place.  A 5-point 2nd semi final defeat of minor premier East Fremantle Football Club then earned Claremont premiership favouritism, a state of affairs which intensified still further when it was learned that their grand final opponents would not be Old Easts, but the Royals (East Perth Football Club), which had finished the minor round in 4th place, but had surprisingly overturned East Fremantle in the preliminary final by a solitary point. The 1936 WANFL grand final attracted 20,874 spectators to Subiaco Oval, who witnessed East Perth reaching an 11.5 (71) to 9.6 (60) victory.  Claremont again finished runners-up a year later after raising hopes, first by finishing the home and away rounds with a 13–5–1 record to qualify for the finals as minor premiers, and then by overcoming East Fremantle in the 2nd semi final by 14 points. However, when the stakes were raised a fortnight later against the same opponent Claremont was found lacking, eventually going under by 10 points.  In 1938 the club replaced coach Dick Lawn with Johnny Leonard, a former Sandover Medallist, who had already coached successfully at Ballarat, Geelong and West Perth. The club qualified for the finals in 2nd place and scored a 2nd semi final victory over East Fremantle, winning, 17.19 (121) to 13.18 (96). The grand final, again against East Fremantle however resulted in a draw, only the second time in WA(N)FL history. In the subsequent grand final replay Claremont won by 22 points, 14.17 (111) to 11.13 (79), breaking their premiership drought. In 1939, although the club lost the 2nd semi final against East Fremantle, 15.15 to 9.14, it won the preliminary final against East Perth 10.17 (77) to 11.5 (71). In the grand final, again facing East Fremantle, Claremont went on to win 14.11 (95) to 11.10 (76) obtaining its second premiership.  1940 saw Claremont again reach the finals, losing the 2nd semi final against South Fremantle Football Club before the club prevailed against East Fremantle in the preliminary final. In the grand final Claremont went on to beat South Fremantle obtaining their third successive premiership.  Between 1942 and 1944, owing to the demands of World War II, the WANFL operated on a limited, under age only basis and after open age competition returned in 1945 Claremont commenced its longest period in the football wilderness. In 1945 it won only two games and finished last, kicked its lowest score ever against Perth, and had a losing streak of seventeen games into 1946, when it again was last with only three wins. Although it avoided the wooden spoon for the next eleven years, only in 1950 (fifth) and 1952 (fourth by one percent from East Fremantle) did it finish higher than sixth in an eight-team competition in the next seventeen years.  After claiming the wooden spoon in 1962 and 1963 Claremont appointed a complete outsider, former East Fremantle rover Jim Conway as coach for 1964. At the end of that season Claremont scraped into the finals in 4th place. The club went on to beat Subiaco in the 1st semi final, which was then followed by a win against the Demons (Perth Football Club) in the preliminary final. Claremont won 14.18 (102) to 15.8 (98) against East Fremantle in the grand final and secured the club's fourth premiership. Ian Brewer kicked two late goals to put Claremont ahead. His direct opponent was Norm Rogers, who won the Simpson medal for the game. Rogers suffered cramp in the last minutes of the game and Brewer was able to break free and score the winning goals. In those days there were no interchangeable reserves, if you went off you stayed off, so Rogers couldn't be quickly replaced.  Claremont failed to follow this meteoric rise, and between 1966 and 1978 participated in the finals only twice. In 1971 they were knocked out easily by an Alan Joyce-coached East Fremantle outfit, but in 1972 they lost only three home-and-away games and with players of the calibre of Graham Moss, Bruce Duperouzel, Colin Tully and Daryl Griffiths, were firm flag favourites, only to be beaten in both the second semi and grand finals by a more physical East Perth side. Despite recruiting Essendon Football Club full forward Geoff Blethyn, who came to Claremont in exchange for Graham Moss, the Tigers fell to last in 1973 with only four wins, and did even worse in 1975 with only three wins. The club were involved in an unusual incident in their Round 20 clash against West Perth Football Club during the 1976 season. Claremont coach Mal Brown replaced John Colreavy with Ross Ditchburn at three-quarter time, but when another player went off injured in the last quarter, Brown sent Colreavy back onto the ground, in contravention of the rule which specified that a player being replaced could not return to the field. Claremont lost the game 20.21 (141) to 13.18 (96), but had their score annulled after the game.[2] When Moss returned in 1977 as captain-coach, he gradually moulded one of the most individually talented teams in WAFL history with such players as Jim and Phil Krakouer, Ken Hunter, Wayne Blackwell, John Annear, and Warren Ralph. In 1981 they kicked an Australian record 3,352 points in 21 matches, and won their fifth flag over an inaccurate South Fremantle. Despite lacking the “enforcer” needed to win many flags under pressure, between 1979 and 1994 Claremont played in the finals every year bar 1985 and 1992, and under Gerard Neesham’s extremely innovative coaching methods and “chip and draw” style, they won twenty and drew one of their last 21 games in 1987.[3] Neesham’s skill was such that Claremont reached five successive grand finals for three flags despite the loss of most key players to the VFL (later AFL).  After 1994, Claremont’s fortunes declined somewhat, and financial difficulties threatened their existence in the middle 1990s.[4] However, at WAFL level they managed to remain competitive throughout the 1990s and 2000s if never threatening for a premiership until 2004, when they were thrashed by Subiaco in the grand final, a fate which befell Claremont again in 2005 from South Fremantle.  Claremont ended the 2007 season strongly, claiming the minor premiership, but lost to Subiaco in the WAFL Grand Final on 23 September 2007. Coach Ashley Prescott left the club at the end of the season to take up an assistant coaching role with Essendon. Prescott's replacement was former assistant coach, Roger Kerr (former East Fremantle player and father of West Coast Eagles player, Daniel Kerr), who was given a two-year contract.[5] Claremont also won the 2007 Rodriquez Shield (the team which has the best League, Reserves and Colts record combined).[6]  Claremont's 2008 campaign kicked off on 22 March against West Perth at Claremont Oval, which Claremont won by 14 points.[7] It was Roger Kerr's first game in charge of the club. He took the reins of the club, following the loss of experienced players such as Daniel Bandy (retired), Rowan Jones (retired), Luke Toia (retired), as well as Mitch Morton (Richmond) and Cale Morton (Melbourne). Other losses include Luke Dwyer (retired), Darren Harper (retired), Aaron Jarvis (retired), Trent Martin (East Perth), Tim Nelli (East Fremantle), Tom Matson (overseas) and Rory Walton (overseas). The Tiger's only gain this year was former-Brisbane Lions midfielder Marcus Allan. The Tigers finished the season second last, saving themselves from the wooden spoon with a victory on the last day of the competition.  Claremont lost their first match of 2009 and things were starting to look a bit wobbly after they lost their second match. The losing streak continued, during which they lost nine games in a row. At the end of April the club decided to cut short Kerr's two-year coaching contract. Claremont appointed Simon McPhee as a caretaker coach, becoming the club's 30th league coach.[8]  McPhee had been the coach of Claremont's Colts team for the last three seasons. Under the new coach the Tigers started to win a couple of games. They finished in eighth place on the ladder, with seven wins from twenty matches. The Claremont Colts side showed a great future for the league side, by defeating Peel Thunder in the Colts Grand Final, by over 8 goals. Another positive was that Chad Jones won the Bernie Naylor Medal, kicking 77 goals.[9]  Claremont reached the final of the 2011 Foxtel Cup, losing out 59 to 38 against VFL club Williamstown at Subiaco.  Once again in 2012 Claremont made the final, this time playing another VFL club Werribee, with the match again played at Subiaco. Claremont won the final with a score of 99 to 55, with Thomas Lee being awarded the Coles Medal for his best on ground performance.  Claremont capped off a fantastic season in 2010, claiming the minor premiership. They also reached the Grand Final against Swan Districts. The Reserves also claimed the minor premiership and set up a grand final clash with East Perth. Claremont dominated the home and away season finishing atop the table losing just twice and drawing once (a loss and a draw to the eventual Premiers Swan Districts and the final round defeat by East Perth). In the 2nd Semi Final Claremont crushed Swans at Claremont Oval by 50 points 17.17 (119) to 10.9 (69) with former Fremantle Dockers player Andrew Foster kicking 5 goals. Swan Districts then cruised to a win over East Perth in the Preliminary Final to set up a Grand Final for the ages between by far the 2 best sides in the competition in 2010. A classic contest it turned out to be too with the match swinging from one side to the other or the entire day, a pack mark by David Crawford deep into time-on was converted and seemed to give Claremont the flag for the first time in 14 years, but as the match wore on into the 32nd minute of the Final quarter Sandover Medallist Andrew Krakouer popped up to put Swans back in front. This time there was no reply from the Tigers and they went down in one of the finest ever WAFL Grand Finals 14.16 (100) to 14.15 (99). Key match-ups included Krakouer's dominance and the move of Simon Starling to the forward line where he was virtually ineffective. The Reserves would win the Reserve grade Grand Final over East Perth 13.6 (84) to 10.12 (72). Midfielder Luke Blackwell would cap another stellar season by winning the EB Cook Medal as the Best & Fairest player for the Tigers in 2010, he would also finish as Runner-up to Andrew Krakouer in the Sandover Medal count.  The club were once again the dominant side in the competition completing the season at the top of the league ladder winning 14 from 19 games and this time were successful in claiming the premiership. In the Grand Final Claremont defeated Subiaco by 56 points, 19.13 (127) to 10.11 (71), with Beau Wilkes of Claremont winning the Simpson Medal as best on ground. The 2011 Sandover Medal was won by Luke Blackwell. Club Captain, Clancy Rudeforth, announced his retirement from league football following the Grand Final victory.[10]  Claremont were a foundation team in the WAFL Women's competition starting in 2019.  Head coach  Assistant coaches  Updated: 21 March 2018Source(s): Senior list,  Coaching staff  Oh, We're From Tigerland is the official club song of the Claremont Football Club and is sung to the tune of "Row, Row, Row". It was taken from the Richmond Football Club song, with an alteration to the second last line.  Sandover Medalists: 1932: Keith Hough, 1933–34: Sammy Clarke, 1936: George Moloney, 1949: Gordon Maffina, 1967: John Parkinson, 1984: Michael Mitchell/Steve Malaxos, 2005: Jaxon Crabb, 2007: Anthony Jones, 2011: Luke Blackwell, 2012: Kane Mitchell, 2016: Jye Bolton, 2018: Jye Bolton  Bernie Naylor Medalists: 1940: George Moloney (129), 1943: Robin Farmer (97), 1976: Norm Uncle (91), 1981: Warren Ralph (127), 1982: Warren Ralph (115), 1983: Warren Ralph (128), 1991: John Hutton (100), 2001: Paul Medhurst (78), 2009: Chad Jones (77), 2010: Chad Jones (85)  All Australians: 1966 & 1969: John McIntosh, 1979 & 1980: Ken Hunter, 1986: Steve Malaxos, 1985 & 1986: Michael Mitchell  Tassie Medallists: (1 total) 1947: Les McClements  Highest Score: Round 17, 1981 - 39.20 (254) vs. Perth at Claremont Oval  Lowest Score: Round 15, 1945 - 1.3 (9) vs. Perth at WACA  Greatest Winning Margin: Round 10, 2010 - 194 points vs. Peel at Claremont Oval  Greatest Losing Margin: Round 10, 1958 - 147 points vs. East Perth at Perth Oval  Most Games: Darrell Panizza 274 (1979–1995)  Record Home Attendance: Round 7, 1983 - 18,268 vs. South Fremantle.  Record Finals Attendance: 1982 Grand Final - 50,883 vs. Swan Districts at Subiaco Oval  AFL Draftees: 64 (not including rookies)  There is a list of past and present Claremont players who have played at AFL/VFL:    view talk edit 1  Kane Mitchell    2  Keifer Yu    3  Tom Lee    4  Ian Richardson    (c) 5  Jake Murphy    6  Ryan Lim    7  Tom Curren    9  Jack Beeck    11  Jye Bolton    12  Ryan Murphy    13  Jared Hardisty    14  Thomas Ledger    15  Haydn Busher    16  Charles Le Fanu    17  Morgan Davies    18  Bailey Rogers    19  Nicholas Winmar    20  Lachlan Martinis    21  Oliver Eastland    22  Thomas Shanahan    23  Matt Palfrey    24  Jeremy Goddard    25  Jesse Laurie    26  Anton Hamp    27  Alex Manuel    28  Bailey Bennett    29  Jacob Sideris    31  Brenden Abbott    32  Josh Bennett    34  Isaac Wallace    35  Jordan Clark    38  Jordan Law    39  Alec Waterman    40  Eddie Simpson    41  Cameron Quenby    44  Kaiden Gilbert    45  Ben Rushforth    46  Brett Wilson    47  Corey Mitchell    48  Declan Hardisty    49  Tom Lawrence    50  Dylan Smallwood    51  Jake Stergiou    52  Tyron Smallwood    54  Lewis Davis    55  Shaquille Morton    56  Rhett Lloyd    57  Declan McNamara    58  Jack Lewsey    59  Nicholas Buckall    61  Jack Blaauw    62  Nicholas Allan    64  Addison Dew    66  Cooper Nitschke    68  James Egan    70  Cain Shaw    71  Cameron Stedman    72  Beau Ewen    75  Jacob Orr    Darren Harris Steven Armstrong Kepler Bradley Geoff Valentine Craig White Andrew Embley (c) Captain(s) (vc) Vice captain(s) Michael Aitken (Carlton) Ben Allan (Hawthorn, Fremantle) Marcus Allan (Brisbane Lions) John Annear (Collingwood, Richmond, West Coast Eagles) David Antonowicz (West Coast Eagles) Gary Arnold (Richmond) Daniel Bandy (Fremantle, Western Bulldogs) Tom Barrass (West Coast Eagles) Barry Beecroft (South Melbourne/Sydney Swans) Tony Beers (Collingwood) Tony Begovich (West Coast Eagles, Sydney Swans) Laurie Bellotti (West Coast Eagles) Scott Bennett (West Coast Eagles) Brendon Bermingham (1914–1975) (St. Kilda) Gerald Betts (Richmond, Collingwood) Tony Bizzaca (1921–2006) (Melbourne) Luke Blackwell (Carlton) Wayne Blackwell (Carlton) Geoff Blethyn (Essendon) Ryan Brabazon (Sydney Swans) Kepler Bradley (Essendon, Fremantle) Mark Brayshaw (North Melbourne) Ian Brewer (1936–2010) (Collingwood) Mal Brown (Richmond) Andrew Browne (Fremantle) Arnold Byfield (1923–2015) (Melbourne) Mark Carlon (St. Kilda) Nathan Carroll (Melbourne) Trent Carroll (Fremantle, West Coast Eagles) Scott Chisholm (Fremantle, Melbourne) Travis Colyer (Essendon) Jack Compton (1918–1983) (Melbourne) Ron Cooper (1911–1991) (Carlton, North Melbourne) Jaxon Crabb (West Coast Eagles, Port Adelaide) Ben Cunningham (Fremantle) Allen Daniels (Footscray) Peter Davidson (West Coast Eagles, Brisbane Bears) Jim Davies (1926–2010) (Carlton) Matt de Boer (Fremantle) Tony Delaney (Essendon, Fremantle, St. Kilda) Tom Derickx (Richmond, Sydney Swans) Renato Dintinosante (Richmond) Ross Ditchburn (Carlton) Brad Dodd (Fremantle) Bruce Duperouzel (St. Kilda, Footscray) Scott Edwards (Fremantle) Andrew Embley (West Coast Eagles) Michael Evans (Melbourne) Tony Evans (West Coast Eagles) Neil Ferguson (Hawthorn) Chad Fletcher (West Coast Eagles) Andrew Foster (Fremantle) Nat Fyfe (Fremantle) Mark Gale (Fremantle, St. Kilda) Michael Gardiner (West Coast Eagles, St. Kilda) Phil Gilbert (Melbourne, Fremantle) Steve Goulding (North Melbourne) Bob Greenwood (Essendon) Daryl Griffiths (St. Kilda) Jeremy Guard (Fitzroy) Joel Hamling (Western Bulldogs) Greg Harding (Fremantle, West Coast Eagles) Mark Hepburn (North Melbourne, West Coast Eagles, Sydney Swans) Peter Higgins (West Coast Eagles) Peter Hines (Footscray) Geoff Hocking (Carlton) Jesse Hogan (Melbourne) Todd Holmes (West Coast Eagles) Ken Hunter (Carlton) Kingsley Hunter (Fremantle, Western Bulldogs, Hawthorn) John Hutton (Brisbane Bears, Sydney Swans, Fremantle) John Hyde (Geelong) Ryan Jackson (Carlton) Anthony Jones (Fremantle) Brett Jones (West Coast Eagles) Chad Jones (North Melbourne, West Coast Eagles) Rowan Jones (West Coast Eagles) Dale Kickett (Fitzroy, West Coast Eagles, St. Kilda, Essendon, Fremantle) Derek Kickett (North Melbourne, Essendon, Sydney Swans) Darren Kowal (Melbourne) Jim Krakouer (North Melbourne, St. Kilda) Nathan Krakouer (Port Adelaide, Gold Coast) Phil Krakouer (North Melbourne, Footscray) Quenton Leach (Fremantle) Tom Ledger (St. Kilda) Tom Lee (St. Kilda) Chris Lewis (West Coast Eagles) John Lewis (Hawthorn) Angus Litherland (Hawthorn) Eric Mackenzie (West Coast Eagles) Beau Maister (West Coast Eagles, St. Kilda) Steve Malaxos (Hawthorn, West Coast Eagles) Ken Mann (St. Kilda) Peter Mann (North Melbourne, Fremantle) Denis Marshall (Geelong) Neil Marshall (West Coast Eagles) Jack Martin (Gold Coast) Gilbert McAdam (St. Kilda, Brisbane Bears) Shane McAdam (Adelaide) Jerry McAuliffe (1910–1959) (Hawthorn) Patrick McGinnity (West Coast Eagles) Andrew McGovern (Sydney Swans, Fremantle) Jeremy McGovern (West Coast Eagles) Mitch McGovern (Adelaide) Ashley McIntosh (West Coast Eagles) John McIntosh (St. Kilda) Norm McIntosh (1890–1965) (Richmond) Guy McKenna (West Coast Eagles) Leo McPartland (1920–1994) (Collingwood) Paul Medhurst (Fremantle, Collingwood) Peter Melesso (South Melbourne, St. Kilda, West Coast Eagles) Jamie Merillo (Fremantle) Barry Metcalfe (1935–1980) (Hawthorn) Geoff Miles (Collingwood, West Coast Eagles, Geelong) Gavin Mitchell (Fremantle, St. Kilda) Kane Mitchell (Port Adelaide) Michael Mitchell (Richmond) Tom Mitchell (Hawthorn) George Moloney (1909–1983) (Geelong) Bruce Monteath (Richmond) Cale Morton (Melbourne, West Coast Eagles) Jarryd Morton (Hawthorn) Mitch Morton (West Coast Eagles, Richmond, Sydney Swans) Graham Moss (Essendon) David Muir (Fremantle) Jeff Murray (Hawthorn) Ryan Neates (West Coast Eagles) Gerard Neesham (Sydney Swans) Alistair Nicholson (Melbourne) Jason Norrish (Melbourne, Fremantle) Rod Oborne (Collingwood, Richmond) David O'Connell (West Coast Eagles, Fitzroy) John O'Connell (Geelong) Michael O'Connell (West Coast Eagles) John Parkinson (Collingwood) Charlie Parsons (1903–1965) (Carlton) Carl Peterson (Hawthorn) Sam Petrevski-Seton (Carlton) Peter Pianto (1929–2008) (Geelong) Ashley Prescott (Richmond, Fremantle) Don Pyke (West Coast Eagles) Warren Ralph (Carlton) Jim Reid (1913–1983) (South Melbourne) Russell Reynolds (St. Kilda) Todd Ridley (Essendon, Fremantle, Hawthorn) Byron Schammer (Fremantle) Gary Shaw (Collingwood, Brisbane Bears) Casey Sibosado (Fremantle) Alex Silvagni (Fremantle) Brad Smith (Collingwood) Daniel Southern (Footscray/Western Bulldogs) Peter Spencer (North Melbourne) Lewis Stevenson (West Coast Eagles, Port Adelaide) Nick Stone (West Coast Eagles) Nick Suban (Fremantle) Tom Swift (West Coast Eagles) Peter Thorne (Melbourne) Luke Toia (Fremantle) Colin Tully (Collingwood) Ryan Turnbull (West Coast Eagles) Cameron Venables (Collingwood) Tristen Walker (Collingwood) Leigh Wardell-Johnson (Fremantle) Michael Warren (Fremantle) Clive Waterhouse (Fremantle) Beau Waters (West Coast Eagles) Gerrick Weedon (West Coast Eagles) Andrew Williams (West Coast Eagles, Collingwood) Marley Williams (Collingwood) Nicholas Winmar (St. Kilda) Brad Wira (Fremantle, Western Bulldogs) Clinton Wolf (Fremantle) Josh Wooden (West Coast Eagles) Kevin Worthington (Collingwood) Syd Young (1918–2013) (South Melbourne) Category:Claremont Football Club players"
John Gilbert (bushranger);"   Johnny Gilbert was an Australian bushranger shot dead by the police at the age of 23 near Binalong, New South Wales on 13 May 1865.  Gilbert was a member of Ben Hall's gang. Hall and Gilbert were both shot by police within a week of each other. Hall was shot dead on 5 May 1865 near Forbes. After Hall was killed his gang split up and Gilbert and John Dunn travelled to Binalong where Dunn had relatives.  He was born in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada in 1842. His mother Eleanor (née Wilson) died shortly after his birth. His father William subsequently married Eliza Cord, a girl only slightly older than his eldest surviving daughter, Eleanor. In 1852 John accompanied his family to the Victorian goldfields. Nine members of the Gilbert family arrived in Port Phillip on board the Revenue in October 1852. They included William and Eliza, Eleanor (Ellen), Frank, James, Charles, Thomas Charbonnelle and Nicholas Wiseman.  A contemporary of Hall and Gardiner, Johnny Gilbert, alias Roberts, was one of the gang charged with the robbery of the gold escort at Eugowra Rocks, but had not been captured. His uncle, John Davis, was found shot in April 1854 Gilbert (then known as Roberts) was arrested and charged with murder. He was acquitted but later jailed for horse stealing.  Some suggest Gilbert accompanied his uncle, John Davis, to the Victorian goldfields. However, there is no mention of Davis on the passenger list for the Revenue, though there is a ten-year-old John Gilbert. Roy Mendham, in his book, The Dictionary of Australian Bushrangers, asserts that Gilbert was responsible for the murder of his uncle.  In 1854, Davis was found shot dead, and a Joseph Roberts, an alias of John Gilbert, was tried for Davis's murder but acquitted.  Roberts was later tried for horsestealing. Roberts however was said to be about seventeen, Davis's murder occurred at the Waverley Arms at Bondi Junction. It would seem that Roberts, although possibly an alias for a John Gilbert, is not the same John Gilbert. The Gilbert family history does not include the names Roberts or Davis in Australia, although Wilson was used as an alias by Charles, his older brother who fled first to New Zealand's gold fields then to California to avoid arrest.   When he was only twelve, Gilbert worked as a stablehand at Kilmore, Victoria for his sister Eleanor and her new husband, John Stafford, for a time before moving on to the Kiandra goldfields in New South Wales.  John was usually described as quite a smart man who could read and write, and a very jolly fellow who was always laughing. It was because of his happy disposition, that John was nicknamed Happy Jack. He was also of thin slight build, and an excellent horseman.  At eighteen he fell under the influence of the bushranger who used the alias Frank Gardiner.  In 1862, John Gilbert was first named as an accomplice of Gardiner when they and two others held up a storekeeper.  Just over a month later, John Gilbert was involved in another robbery, this time with Gardiner, and Ben Hall. From then on John Gilbert was identified as being involved in several hold-ups between Lambing Flat (Young) and Lachlan.  Frank Gardiner enlisted the assistance of John Gilbert, Ben Hall, John O'Meally, Dan Charters, Henry Manns, Alexander Fordyce and Johnny Bow, to rob the Forbes gold escort at a place called Eugowra Rocks.  On 30 July 1863, Gilbert and O’Meally were thwarted in their attempt to rob the Commercial Bank at Carcoar in the middle of the day, managing to escape from the town when the alarm was raised before they could carry out the robbery.  That evening the pair robbed Stanley Hosie’s store at nearby Caloola, taking cash and a number of articles of clothing, including silk dresses, boots and shoes which they said they wanted for “their people”.  At one stage Hosie challenged either of the bushrangers to lay down his arms and engage him in a “fair fight”, the bushrangers smiled at this and one said, “No mate, we don’t do business in that way”.[1][2]  On 6 August 1863, three prisoners named Thomas Morris, Charles Green, and James Burke, were being conveyed from Carcoar to Bathurst on the mail coach.[3]  The prisoners, under the custody of Sergeant Morrisset and three constables, were supposed to be ‘bush telegraphs’ (sympathisers who kept bushrangers informed of police movements).[4]  The three prisoners were inside the coach, along with constables Grainger and Merrin, Sergeant Morrisset sat on box with the driver, with a female passenger between them, and Constable Sutton was following on horseback at the rear. Soon after departing, as they neared the Five Mile Waterholes, a dray was seen on the road ahead.  hree horsemen came galloping towards the coach, two of whom were recognised as Gilbert and O’Meally. Gilbert and the third man rode to each side of the coach and O’Meally came to the front of the horses, shouting at the driver to "bail up". As the coach came to a stop Morrisset jumped from the box and he and the constables in the coach began to exchange fire with the bushrangers. Gilbert and O’Meally "carried on the contest", advancing and receding as they fired at the police, “and it is said they exhibited extraordinary expertness in the management of their horses – at times dropping at their sides, and then ducking down to the pommel, as they received and exchanged shots”.  At one point Constable Sutton rode between the two and aimed his revolver at O’Meally, but the bushranger raised his carbine and fired first, the bullet entering Sutton’s elbow and exiting at his collar-bone.  Gilbert’s horse was struck by a bullet and soon after the bushrangers rode off.  The wounded trooper was taken to Blayney and the coach proceeded to Bathurst.  Dr. Machattie travelled to Blayney to treat Sutton and the next day brought him to Bathurst, reporting that his patient "was progressing favourably".[3]  Newspaper reports speculated that the reason for Gilbert and O’Meally’s attack on the mail coach was to free the prisoners from police custody.  However, John Vane, who had agreed to join Gilbert’s gang about a week before this incident, claimed in his biography (published in 1908) that the bushrangers had intended to rob the mail coach and the presence of policemen had taken them by surprise.[5]  The third bushranger was initially identified as John Vane, but he was later tried and acquitted of being involved in the attack.  Vane’s own account describes the third man as “a resident of the locality”.[5]  On 15 November 1864 the gang robbed the Gundagai Mail near Jugiong and Gilbert shot Sergeant Parry dead.[6]  Senior Constable Charles Hales of the Binalong police station received information at 8:00 PM on 12 May 1865 that the two bushrangers had "stuck up" the Woolshed near Murrumburrah. He suspected they would be in the area of Binalong due to John Dunn's relatives living in the area. He thought they might visit John Kelly, Dunn's grandfather.  Senior Constable Hale immediately gathered constables John Bright and Michael King and headed out to watch Kelly's house. They watched most of the night, but saw no one enter, so returned to the police station about half a mile away.  The next morning at 8:00 AM, John Kelly (under the influence of alcohol) informed Senior Constable Hales that Gilbert and Dunn were at his hut. Hales gathered Constables John Bright, Michael King and Henry Hall and headed to Kelly's place. Two parties were formed, Bright and Hall went to the back of the hut and were stationed in the creek. Hales and King were stationed at the front of the hut.  The troopers watched for about an hour in the rain. At some stage Kelly's son, Thomas, approached the stockyard. Hales called him over to ask if there were strangers in the house, to which he said "No." Hales and King approached the house and the dogs started barking. John Kelly and his wife came to the door of the hut, and seeing Trooper Hales, Kelly called out "Look out, the hut is surrounded by bloody troopers." As Hales entered the hut two shots were fired, Hales looked through the slabs of the bedroom wall to see the shadows of two men. Hales immediately fired and ran to the front room of the hut. He then called out "Men, surround the hut—the bushrangers are inside". Hales warned Kelly if he did not immediately turn out, they would burn the hut.  Hales heard firing in the paddock at the end of the hut. He ran out to the area and saw the bushrangers firing at Constables King and Hall. The bushrangers kept up the fire as they got through a bush fence that led to the creek and took up position behind a large tree. Gilbert used his revolving rifle on Hales and Bright but it misfired. Meanwhile, King and Hall took up positions. Dunn and Gilbert started firing their revolvers at Hall and King, and ran down to the creek. Hales and Bright immediately fired at the bushrangers, at which time Gilbert dropped.  Hales ordered his men to follow and to chase Dunn. King was left to guard Gilbert's body as King was wounded in the foot. The three constables chased Dunn for about a mile and a half, they were exhausted and had to give up the pursuit. Dunn escaped, but was caught later and was hanged on 19 March 1866.  The 3 constables returned to Gilbert's body. Constable Henry Hall was put in charge of the body. They searched the body and found money, jewellery, powder flask, guns, and bullets. The guns included a Tranter revolving rifle and a government issue revolver.  Gilbert's body was taken back to the Binalong police station and deposited at the court house. John Kelly and his son were apprehended and brought before Magistrate Campbell of Yass. They were remanded for 8 days and released on bail.  An inquest was held on 14 May 1865 and it was generally agreed that Constable John Bright fired the fatal shot. It was also agreed that Gilbert had died instantly. The verdict of the jury at the inquest was "justifiable homicide." The jury also found "that Senior Constable Hales and Constables Bright, King and Hall were deserving of great praise for the gallant and courageous manner in which they acted." Gilbert's body was buried in the police paddock behind the station.  The Government reward for the dead bushranger was divided up as follows: the informer received £500, Hales, £150, Bright, £130, King, £120, and Hall £100.[7]  At the time of his death he had become Australia's worst criminal, being involved in more than 630 hold-ups.  As a member of Ben Hall's gang, Gilbert is mentioned in a number of songs about Hall's life and exploits.  For example, in the chorus of a song called "The Morning of the Fray", also called"Eugowra Rocks", the chorus runs:   In the song "Ben Hall", the fifth verse references Gilbert and Dunn:  There is a similar song about "Frank Gardiner", where the third verse gives a slightly different version of Gilbert's death to the history books:  Gilbert is also mentioned in "The Streets of Forbes", another song about Ben Hall.[11]  Gilbert is also the subject of a poem by Banjo Patterson, titled "How Gilbert Died". While it is great poetry, it is somewhat romanticized and cavalier of the facts of his death.  Frank Gardiner–Ben Hall gang  William Gilbert (father) Eleanor Wilson (mother) John Gilbert appeared in the 1977 ABC-BBC-20th Century Fox television series Ben Hall, and was portrayed by Australian actor John Orcsik. John Gilbert is a major character in the 2016 feature film The Legend of Ben Hall and is portrayed by Australian actor Jamie Coffa.[12][13]"
Muley Point (Iron County, Utah);" Muley Point is a cliff in Iron County, Utah.  It rises to an elevation of 6,010 feet / 1,832 meters. It overlooks the northern end of the Parowan Valley, where Fremont Wash enters it.[1]  Coordinates: 38°04′35″N 112°41′04″W﻿ / ﻿38.0764°N 112.6844°W﻿ / 38.0764, -112.6844    This article about a location in Utah is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
List of shipwrecks in February 1851;"  The list of shipwrecks in February 1851 includes ships sunk, foundered, wrecked, grounded, or otherwise lost during February 1851.   "
Gili Bar-Hillel;" Gili Bar-Hillel Semo (Hebrew: גילי בר-הלל סמו, born Gili Bar-Hillel in 1974) is an English-Hebrew translator from Israel, best known for translating the Harry Potter series into Hebrew.  Bar-Hillel is the daughter of Maya Bar-Hillel, a professor of psychology at the Hebrew University, and the granddaughter of philosopher and linguist Yehoshua Bar-Hillel.[1] Her mother frequently lectured in the United States and as a result she spent a lot of time there as a child, learning to read English before Hebrew.[1]  Bar-Hillel studied at Hebrew University, Tel Aviv University, and Harvard University, and received a Bachelor of Arts in dramatic writing and dramaturgy.[1] She lives and works in Tel Aviv,[2] and is married with three children.[1]  Before translating the Harry Potter series, Bar-Hillel was editor of children's books for the Israeli publishing house Keter, worked for the major Israeli newspaper Haaretz, directed plays, and produced radio programs.[3] She is a member of the International Wizard of Oz Club and has been from before she translated the Harry Potter series.[1] She has also translated books by Jacqueline Wilson, Diana Wynne Jones and Noel Streatfeild, and adapted an annotated edition of The Wizard of Oz for Hebrew readers. As well, she also reviewed picture books for the Israeli women's weekly LaIsha for several years.[3] In 2012 Bar-Hillel founded Utz Publishing, where to this day she continues working as owner and editor in chief.   Bar-Hillel began translating the series in 1999, starting with Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.[1] Since the success of the series, Bar-Hillel has been described as a "bona fide Israeli celebrity" with a "nationwide" reputation.[1] Because of the enormous popularity of Harry Potter, her work has come under close scrutiny by the Israeli public, especially for any deviations from the original text. The translation process was made more difficult by not knowing how the plot would develop in later books, the gender of certain characters, and the problem of how to translate various issues that are not necessarily cross-cultural, such as references to food and religion.[1]  When the seventh book was released, Bar-Hillel flew to London ahead of the book's launch, purchased a copy and read it on the plane back to Israel.[4][5]  At the Jerusalem International Book Fair in 2007, a large audience gathered to hear her talk about the translation process, with fans elbowing their way in for autographs and photos. She told reporters: "It's ridiculous, this is something that never happens to translators. The attention I've received is because I'm translating Harry Potter. It's Harry, not me".[6]  Harry Potter series by J. K. Rowling  Other books (partial list):  Bar-Hillel received a Geffen Award for her translation of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows:[7]  Books translated by Bar-Hillel have won several Geffen awards:  Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them (A part of the Harry Potter series) Quidditch Through the Ages (A part of the Harry Potter series) The Tales of Beedle the Bard (A part of the Harry Potter series) Harry Potter and the Cursed Child (A part of the Harry Potter series) Howl's Moving Castle by Diana Wynne Jones Double Act by Jacqueline Wilson Ballet Shoes by Noel Streatfeild The Annotated Wizard of Oz by L. Frank Baum, annotated by Michael Patrick Hearn Peter and Wendy and Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens by J.M. Barrie: translated and added Hebrew annotations Predictably Irrational by Dan Ariely Misbehaving by Richard Thaler Cakes in Space by Philip Reeve and Sarah McIntyre Don't Let the Pigeon Drive the Bus! by Mo Willems Utterly Me, Clarice Bean by Lauren Child The Hundred and One Dalmatians by Dodie Smith Mary Poppins by P. L. Travers Goblin Market by Christina Rossetti Nimona by N.D. Stevenson Best Translation of a SF&F book (2008): Gili Bar-Hillel Semo for Translating the book: Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows by J.K. Rowling, published by Yedioth Books. 2008: Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows by J. K. Rowling, translated by Gili Bar-Hillel, published by Yedioth Books. 2015: Ozma of Oz and Dorothy and the Wizard in Oz by L. Frank Baum 2017: Harry Potter and the Cursed Child play script"
Haitian Cuban;" Haitian Cubans (Spanish: Haitiano-Cubano, French: Haïtien Cubain, Haitian Creole: Ayisyen Kiben) are Cuban citizens of full or partial Haitian ancestry.  Haitian culture and French and Haitian Creole languages, first entered Cuba with the arrival of Haitian immigrants at the start of the 19th century. Haiti was a French colony, and the final years of the 1791-1804 Haitian Revolution brought a wave of French settlers fleeing with their Haitian slaves to Cuba. They came mainly to the east, and especially Guantanamo, where the French later introduced sugar cultivation, constructed sugar refineries and developed coffee plantations.   By 1804, some 30,000 French were living in Baracoa and Maisí, the furthest eastern municipalities of the province.  Due to the United States occupation of Haiti, many Haitians left to find work as laborers in neighboring countries like Cuba. These immigrants lived a fine line trying to maintain their Haitian culture and assimilating enough to be able to work and live in a foreign society.  In 1937, over 25,000 Haitians were forcibly removed from Cuba and sent back to Haiti.[2] This different treatment of migrant laborers is due to several factors. Cuban racists beliefs combined with economic concerns were a direct catalyst for this drastic Haitian exodus.[3]  Cubans feared a repeat of the Haitian Revolution, which was not quelled by the current guerrilla warfare in Haiti by the caco forces against the Americans. Similarly, black Haitians were stereotyped as being violent and rife with crime.[4] Being the subject of stereotypes wasn't uncommon in Cuba, as black Cubans were often stereotyped the same way.[5]  Haitian practice of vodou, was often mistaken for  "witchcraft."[6]  The vast majority of Haitians spoke Haitian Creole, which created a language barrier forcing Haitians to remain in agricultural labor.[7]  Haitians lived in small communities near the sugar cane plantations, very rural and removed from populous cities.[8]  Economic restraints amongst Haitians kept education informal and contained in their small communities, as such, very few of these Haitians had anything above a basic level of Creole literacy. This enabled Haitians to keep control over the cultural values their children received.[8]  Majority of Haitians are Catholic but vodou is also present behind the scenes. Vodou is decentralized and flexible. The rituals involved in vodou strengthen community ties and help the oppressed Haitians deal with their suffering.[9]  Haitians have continued to come to Cuba to work as braceros (hand workers, from the Spanish word brazo, meaning "arm") in the fields cutting cane. Their living and working conditions were not much better than slavery. Although they planned to return to Haiti, most stayed on in Cuba. For years, many Haitians and their descendants in Cuba did not identify themselves as such or speak Creole. In the eastern part of the island, many Haitians continued to suffer discrimination. But according to the Fidel Castro regime, since 1959, when he took over, this discrimination has stopped.[10] After Spanish, Haitian Creole is the second most-spoken language in Cuba where over 300,000 recent Haitian immigrants speak it. It is recognized as a language in Cuba and a considerable number of Cubans speak it fluently. Most of these speakers have never been to Haiti and do not possess Haitian ancestry, but merely learned it in their communities. In addition to the eastern provinces, there are also communities in Ciego de Ávila and Camagüey provinces where the population still maintains Creole, their mother tongue. Classes in Creole are offered in Guantanamo, Matanzas and the City of Havana. There is a Creole-language radio program.[11] Haitian immigration to Cuba has increased since a re-establishment of diplomatic relations in 1997.  Emilio Bacardi, industrialist, writer and historian, 1st heir to the Bacardi rum company Benito Martínez, claimed to be the world's oldest living person"
Derek Fisher;"   Derek Lamar Fisher (born August 9, 1974) is an American professional basketball coach and former player. Fisher played professionally in the National Basketball Association (NBA) for 18 seasons, spending the majority of his career with the Los Angeles Lakers, with whom he won five NBA championships. He also played for the Golden State Warriors, Utah Jazz, Oklahoma City Thunder, and Dallas Mavericks. He has also served as president of the National Basketball Players Association (NBPA).  Fisher played college basketball for the Arkansas–Little Rock Trojans, earning the Sun Belt Conference Player of the Year in 1996. Selected by the Lakers with the 24th pick in the 1996 NBA draft, he spent his first eight seasons with the franchise, winning three consecutive league championships (2000–2002) with teammates Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O'Neal and coach Phil Jackson. After the 2003–04 NBA season, he signed as a free agent with the Golden State Warriors, later being traded to the Utah Jazz, whom he helped lead to the Western Conference finals. Due to his daughter's health, he asked to be released from his contract in 2007. He rejoined the Lakers and won two more NBA titles with Bryant and Jackson.  In 2012, he was traded to the Houston Rockets, where he bought out his contract and was waived at his request. He then joined the Oklahoma City Thunder for the remainder of the season, playing for the 2012 NBA championship in his eighth Finals appearance. After signing with the 2012–13 Dallas Mavericks he played only nine games before being injured and asking to be released from his contract. He later rejoined the Oklahoma City Thunder for another late-season push. He re-signed with them in the off-season and played in a team-high 81 regular-season games for the team in 2013–14.[1] The following season, he was hired as the head coach of the New York Knicks by Jackson, who had become the team's president. He was fired in 2016, and has since been featured as a broadcast television analyst on Turner Sports' NBA programming.[2] Fisher also joined Spectrum SportsNet for the 2016–17 NBA season to work as an in-studio analyst for the Los Angeles Lakers.[3] On January 19, 2017, Fisher was announced as one of the analysts for Turner Sports' new Players Only programming slate.[4] He was the head coach of the Los Angeles Sparks of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) from 2019 to 2022.  Fisher was the all-time NBA record holder in playoff games played until he was passed by LeBron James in 2020.  Derek Fisher was born in Little Rock, Arkansas. He attended Parkview Arts and Science Magnet High School in Little Rock, where he was a letterman in basketball.  He went on to attend the University of Arkansas at Little Rock (UALR) for four years, with a major in communications. Fisher concluded his collegiate career at Arkansas-Little Rock second on the school's all-time lists in points (1,393), assists (472), and steals (189). He averaged 12.4 points, 4.4 rebounds and 4.2 assists over 112 games and led the team in assists and steals every year. Fisher also set a school record for free throws made in a career (399) and ranked third among all-time UALR leaders in three-point field goals made (125). As a senior, he earned Sunbelt Conference Player of the Year honors after averaging 14.5 points, 5.2 rebounds and 5.2 assists per game.[5][6]  In 2005, Fisher pledged $700,000 to UALR towards the construction of its Jack Stephens Center auxiliary gym, since named in his honor, and the establishment of the Fisher Fellows Life Skills program, a mentoring series for UALR student-athletes.[7]  Fisher was selected 24th overall in the 1996 NBA draft by the Los Angeles Lakers, and spent his first eight seasons with them.[5] The Los Angeles Lakers also traded for rookie Kobe Bryant in this draft and the two rookies became great friends. Kobe went on to say that Derek was his favorite teammate he ever played with.[8]  Fisher made his NBA debut in an early-season game against the Phoenix Suns, tallying 12 points and five assists. Over the course of his rookie season, Fisher appeared in 80 games, averaging 3.9 points, 1.5 assists, and 1.2 rebounds. He was selected to the Schick Rookie Game during the All-Star Weekend in Cleveland and had 16 points and six assists. In the 1997–98 season, Fisher started 36 of 82 games, backing up Nick Van Exel. He started all 13 games in the playoffs and averaged 6 points per game as the Lakers advanced to the Western Conference Finals before losing to the Utah Jazz in 4 games. In the lockout-shortened 1998–99 season, Fisher played in all 50 games and started in 21, mostly serving as a backup for veteran Derek Harper. Fisher would once again start in all of the Lakers' playoff games, posting averages of 9.8 points and 4.9 assists per game as the Lakers advanced past the Houston Rockets in the first round before falling to the San Antonio Spurs in the second round in 4 games.  Phil Jackson became the Lakers' head coach prior to the 1999–2000 season, and with him brought veteran point guard Ron Harper, who had started for three of Jackson's Chicago Bulls championship teams. Jackson historically preferred big guards. Being both smaller and playing more like a traditional point guard, and not being much of a shooter, Fisher worked hard on his shooting during the offseason to increase his value to the new coach.[9][10] He started in 22 of 78 games for the season, backing up both Harper and Kobe Bryant when injured. The Lakers advanced to the NBA Finals and defeated the Indiana Pacers in 6 games to win the 2000 NBA championship, Fisher's first.  Due to a stress fracture in his right foot, Fisher missed the first 62 games of the 2000–01 season. During his absence, the Lakers were not winning as frequently as the previous season, which led to teammates Bryant and Shaquille O'Neal rekindling their feud over the team's offense. Assistant coach Bill Bertka, however, believed a key factor in the team's struggles was the team's defense without Fisher.[11][12] Fisher returned on March 13, 2001, upgrading the Lakers' defense, and he started the final 20 games of the season, averaging 11.5 points per game. Harper had been the regular starter, but he was sidelined since February 13 with injuries to both knees.[13] The Lakers finished the regular season with an eight-game winning streak, and ended with 56 wins.[14] Fisher started all of the Lakers 16 playoff games as they swept through the Western Conference, averaging 13.4 points per game and shooting a team-best 51 percent from beyond the three-point line. This included a career-high 28 points on 6 for 7 three-point shooting in Game 4 of the Western Conference Finals against the San Antonio Spurs. In the Finals, the Lakers defeated the Philadelphia 76ers in 5 games, bolstered by Fisher's 18 points on 6 of 8 shooting from three-point range in game 5 to help clinch the Lakers' second straight title.  Injuries limited Fisher to start in 35 of 70 games in the 2001–02 season, but he continued to average double-figure scoring and shot over 40 percent from three-point range for the season. Fisher started all 19 playoff games, averaging 10.2 points per game as the Lakers advanced to the finals following a grueling 7 games series against the Sacramento Kings. In the finals, they defeated the New Jersey Nets to win their third straight title.  By the 2002–03 season, Fisher had established himself as the Lakers' primary point guard, starting in all 82 games. But the team was eliminated in the Western Conference Semifinals by the eventual champion Spurs that spring, and this was followed by the signing of veteran point guard Gary Payton in the summer. As a result, Fisher was demoted back to the bench for the 2003–04 season. During NBA All-Star Weekend, he was a member of the Los Angeles team that won the Shooting Stars Competition.[15]  One of Fisher's finest playoff moments came on May 13, 2004, in Game 5 of the 2004 Western Conference Semifinals between the Lakers and the defending champion San Antonio Spurs. The series was tied at 2 games apiece, and Game 5 was a closely contested affair. With 11 seconds remaining, Kobe Bryant hit a jump shot to put the Lakers up 72–71. Tim Duncan then made a fadeaway 18-footer over Shaquille O'Neal to give the Spurs a 73–72 lead with 0.4 seconds on the clock.  To devise strategies, three consecutive time-outs were called: the first by the Lakers, the second by San Antonio to set up the defense, and the last by the Lakers to re-set up the offense. When the game resumed, Gary Payton inbounded the ball to Fisher, who managed to catch, turn, and shoot the game-winning basket all in 0.4 seconds. Fisher sprinted off the court, as he later admitted he was uncertain he beat the buzzer and wanted to exit before the play could be reviewed. The Spurs immediately filed a dispute regarding the shot and after reviewing video footage of the play, the referees concluded that the ball indeed left Fisher's hands before the clock expired. The "0.4" shot counted and the Lakers won the game by a score of 74–73.[16]  The Lakers closed out the Spurs in Game 6. They proceeded to defeat the Minnesota Timberwolves to clinch the Western Conference championship, but were upset in the NBA Finals by the Detroit Pistons.  On July 15, 2004, Fisher signed a six-year, $37 million contract with the Golden State Warriors.[17] Fisher's two-season term with Golden State proved to be somewhat of a disappointment. While he was a reliable spot-up shooter, Fisher saw limited openings without a star player such as Bryant or O'Neal to command a double-team. The team as a whole continued to struggle mightily and languished near the bottom of the Western Conference standings.  Speedy Claxton started more games than Fisher in the 2004–05 season, and then newly acquired point guard Baron Davis was a starter the following season. Despite this, in 2005–06 season, Fisher averaged 13.3 points a game, the highest season scoring average of his career.  Fisher was acquired by the Utah Jazz on July 12, 2006, in a trade that sent Keith McLeod, Andre Owens, and Devin Brown to the Golden State Warriors. He appeared in all 82 games of the 2006–07 season, averaging 10.1 points, 3.3 assists, and 1.01 steals while scoring in double figures 40 times in the 2006–07 season.  In November 2006, Fisher was voted President of the National Basketball Players Association, succeeding Antonio Davis. Fisher had previously served as vice president.[18] He has also been the color commentator for the Los Angeles Sparks of the WNBA since July 1, 2008.  Several days before the Western Conference Semifinals between the Jazz and the Golden State Warriors began, Fisher stated that one of his four children was ill, avoiding going into further detail other than to say he needed to be with his family and his playing status was uncertain.  Fisher had asked head coach Jerry Sloan to leave him on the active list for Game 2, but could not guarantee he would make it in time to play. But with permission from their doctors, he and his family flew from New York after his daughter's surgery and landed in Salt Lake City with the game in progress. When they landed, Fisher found out starting point guard Deron Williams was in foul trouble and his backup Dee Brown had been injured. The Jazz had been using Andrei Kirilenko as a point guard and desperately needed Fisher. Given a police escort, Fisher arrived at the arena, suited up, and was given a standing ovation as he walked onto the floor. Not even given a chance to sit down, Fisher was put in the game in the middle of the third quarter. Late in the fourth, Fisher made a key defensive stop on Baron Davis that helped send the game into overtime. In the closing minutes, the Jazz held a three-point lead when Deron Williams found an open Fisher for a three-pointer that sealed the victory.[19] After the game, a tearful Fisher was interviewed, where he revealed the situation involving his then-11-month-old daughter, Tatum. She had been diagnosed with retinoblastoma, a degenerative and rare form of eye cancer, which required an emergency three-hour surgery and chemotherapy at a New York hospital.[20]  The Jazz eventually defeated the Warriors 4 games to 1, but fell to the eventual champion San Antonio Spurs in the Western Conference Finals in five games. Fisher's dramatic Game 2 entrance and performance against the Warriors was nominated for Best Moment in the 2007 ESPY Awards.  On July 2, 2007, Fisher asked the Jazz to release him from his contract so he could relocate to a team and city that would have the "right combination" of specialists that could help fight his daughter's retinoblastoma.[21][22] The Jazz honored his request.[22][23]  After much speculation, on July 19, 2007, Fisher officially rejoined the Los Angeles Lakers by signing a three-year contract worth roughly $14 million.[22][23] He had given up roughly $8 million over three years, as he was due about $22 million over the next three years in his prior contract with the Jazz. Jazz owner Larry Miller noted that "[i]t did look funny" that Fisher signed with the Lakers, but he did not believe Fisher or Lakers owner Jerry Buss would do anything underhanded.[24] Jazz fans have taunted him, suspecting that he simply wanted to return to the Lakers.[25]  When the 2007–08 season began, Fisher resumed his role as the Lakers' starting point guard. He contributed a solid season, shooting 40% from the three-point range and 88% from the free-throw line, the highest percentage of his career. He made a controversial defensive play in Game 4 of the Lakers-Spurs Western Conference Finals, when late in the game Fisher jumped into Brent Barry's path without a foul called, causing Barry to miss a potential game-winning shot. The Lakers eventually ousted the Spurs 4–1, but lost the NBA Finals to Boston.  Throughout the 2009 NBA playoffs, Fisher faced criticism about his age and lackluster defensive performances against younger, quicker opposing point guards. However, Fisher helped the Lakers win Game 4 over the Orlando Magic in the 2009 NBA Finals, hitting a three-pointer over Jameer Nelson with 4.6 seconds remaining to send the game into overtime, and a tie-breaking three-pointer with 31.3 seconds remaining in overtime to help send the Lakers to a 3–1 series lead and soon after, the franchise's 15th NBA title. Bill Plaschke of the Los Angeles Times described these shots by stating, "After his two jaw-flooring three-pointers led the Lakers to a 99–91 overtime victory against the Orlando Magic in Game 4 of the NBA Finals, you'll now officially be seeing him forever."[26] Fisher's 11.0 points per game, 50% shooting average, and 44% three-point percentage over the course of the Finals were an improvement over his regular-season numbers and a departure from his post-season struggles to that point. He had shot 23.5% from behind the three-point line and 35.6% from the field in the three prior playoff series. This was Fisher's fourth NBA championship.  On September 8, 2009, Fisher released a book, Character Driven: Life, Lessons, and Basketball.[27] He is credited as the author of the book with Gary Brozek contributing. On February 3, 2010, Fisher made the 1,000th 3-pointer of his career against the Charlotte Bobcats.[28] On February 10, 2010, Fisher played his 1,000th career game against his former team, the Utah Jazz, beating Kobe Bryant to the milestone by one game.[29] On February 23, 2010, Fisher made the 9,000th point of his NBA career against the Memphis Grizzlies.  On June 8, 2010, in Game 3 of the NBA Finals against the Boston Celtics, Fisher played a pivotal role down the stretch to help the Lakers take a 2–1 series lead. In the 4th quarter, he scored 11 of his 16 points, including a 3-point-play lay-up that helped the Lakers wrap up a 91–84 road victory.[30] In Game 7, the Lakers came all the way back from a 13-point third-quarter deficit when Fisher hit a critical 3-pointer to tie the game with 6:11 remaining. The Lakers ultimately defeated the Celtics 83–79, and Fisher went on to win his fifth NBA championship.  After his fifth championship win, Fisher became a free agent, fielding offers from several teams, including the Miami Heat. However, on July 12, 2010, he agreed to a three-year, $10.5 million deal with a player option in the third year to continue with the Lakers. Though their contract offer was not the most lucrative, Fisher considered it "the most valuable" option.[31][32]  On March 15, 2012, Fisher was traded along with a 2012 first-round draft pick to the Houston Rockets for Jordan Hill.[33] The Lakers had decided to go younger, acquiring point guard Ramon Sessions earlier in the day.[34] On March 19, he was waived by the Rockets without ever playing for them after he negotiated a contract buyout. After clearing waivers, he was eligible to sign with any team except the Lakers.[34][35][36]  On March 21, 2012, after clearing the waivers at 6 pm Eastern time, Fisher signed a contract with the Oklahoma City Thunder for the remainder of the 2011–12 season.[37] The Thunder organization called a pre-game press conference prior to its 7pm game to formally announce the signing.[38] He chose jersey number 37, his age at the time, because his usual No. 2 was taken by Thabo Sefolosha.[39] He made his debut on that night against the Los Angeles Clippers, scoring 5 points. The Thunder defeated the Spurs in the Western Conference finals and advanced to the 2012 NBA Finals, Fisher's eighth career appearance there. The Thunder would go on to lose the series in 5 games to the Miami Heat.  On November 29, 2012, Fisher signed with the Dallas Mavericks.[40] The team was in need of a point guard after a finger injury sidelined struggling starter Darren Collison.[41][42] He wore No. 6, signifying his quest for a sixth championship,[43] as his usual No. 2—last worn in Dallas by Jason Kidd—was unavailable.[44] Fisher started in his first game with the Mavericks and Collison came off the bench in a 92–77 win over Detroit.[45]  On December 20, Fisher injured the patellar tendon of his right knee, requiring an estimated two-week recovery time. Two days later, the Mavericks granted his request to be released. He said the move was driven by the injury and a desire to be close to his family. In nine games with Dallas, the team went 5–4, and he averaged 8.6 points and 3.6 assists in just over 25 minutes per game.[43][46]  On February 25, 2013, Fisher re-signed with Oklahoma City for the remainder of the 2012–13 season.[47] He filled the Thunder's opening for a third point guard after Eric Maynor had been traded.[48] After being away from basketball, Fisher reflected on his career and decided to pursue the opportunity with the Thunder.[49] He did not contact Dallas before signing with the championship contenders, which upset Mavericks officials.[43][49][50] Fisher chose to wear No. 6 with Oklahoma City after wearing No. 37 the previous season.[43]  On July 24, 2013, Fisher re-signed with the Thunder for the 2013–14 season.[51] He played in 81 regular-season games and all 19 playoff games, and was able to help the team reach the Western Conference Finals before falling to the eventual champion San Antonio Spurs in six games.[52][53]  On June 10, 2014, Fisher was hired by the New York Knicks to be the team's head coach, signing a five-year, $25 million deal. Fisher said his relationship with Jackson, who had become the president of the Knicks, was a major factor in his decision to join the team.[54][55] Fisher planned for the Knicks to run the triangle offense, which he learned while with the Lakers under Jackson. During the offseason, he helped the Knicks re-recruit and re-sign free agent Carmelo Anthony, whom Fisher believed could adapt to the new offense. On October 29, Fisher made his coaching debut where the team lost their 2014–15 season opener to the Chicago Bulls 104–80. On October 30, Fisher won his first game as a head coach after the Knicks defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers 95–90.[56] The Knicks ended the season with a 17–65 record, the worst in franchise history.[57]  Bolstered by first-round draft pick Kristaps Porziņģis, New York began 2015–16 as playoff contenders with a 22–22 record.[57] However, Fisher was fired on February 8, 2016, after the Knicks lost nine of their next 10 and fell to a 23–31 record. Over one-and-a-half seasons with the Knicks, he compiled an overall record of 40–96 (.294).[57][58]  On December 5, 2018, Fisher was named the head coach of the Los Angeles Sparks of the WNBA.[59] The team got its first win of the 2019 season on June 1, 2019, defeating the Connecticut Sun 77–70, giving Fisher his first win as a WNBA head coach.[60] On September 4, 2019, Fisher became the ninth WNBA head coach to achieve 20 wins as a first year as a WNBA head coach, as the team defeat the Atlanta Dream 70–60.[61] The team would finish 22–12 under Fisher's first season, making the WNBA playoffs as the third seed.  Under the playoff format, the team would bypass the first round and face off against the Seattle Storm in a single-elimination game, beating the Storm 92–69 to advance the WNBA semi-finals. In the third semifinal game against the Connecticut Sun, Fisher came up with a strategy that SB Nation called bizarre, benching his three starting stars, Candace Parker, Nneka Ogwumike, and Chelsea Gray, for the fourth quarter, after which the Sparks were eliminated.[62]  In his second season with the Sparks, Fisher led the team to a 15–7 record in 22 games in a shortened WNBA season, making the WNBA playoffs as the third seed.  The team would bypass the first round and face off against the Connecticut Sun in a single-elimination game, but the Sparks would be eliminated, losing 73–59.[63]  On December 22, 2020, the Sparks appointed Fisher to be the general manager.[64] in the 2021 WNBA draft he selected No. 7 pick: Jasmine Walker (F, Alabama) No. 10 pick: Stephanie Watts (G, North Carolina) No. 22 pick: Arella Guirantes (G, Rutgers) No. 28 pick: Ivana Raca (F, Wake Forest) No. 34 pick: Aina Ayuso (G, Spain) [65]  On June 7, 2022, the Sparks and Fisher parted ways as head coach and general manager after the Sparks started the year off 5–7 after bringing in Liz Cambage. Fisher went 54–46 as head coach during his Sparks tenure.[66] He was 1–4 in the playoffs.[67]  Fisher made guest appearances on television broadcasts throughout his career, and he began working professionally as a broadcaster in the spring of 2016. Multiple times during the NBA season, Fisher appeared as an analyst on TNT's Inside the NBA, and NBA TV.[68] At the start of the 2016–17 NBA season, Fisher joined Spectrum SportsNet as an in-studio analyst for the Los Angeles Lakers.[69]  Fisher had a long and successful career in the NBA, especially with the Lakers. Fisher was perhaps best known for his leadership, toughness, and clutch playmaking ability. He averaged 8.3 points per game for his career and never topped more than 13.3 points during a regular season. However, he did shoot at least 40% from the three-point line four times and 90% from the free-throw line three times in the regular season throughout his career.  At the time of his retirement as a player after the 2013–14 season, Fisher held NBA career playoff records of 259 games played and 161 games won. He was also ranked third in career three-point field goals in the NBA Finals.[55]  Phil Jackson said that Fisher was "definitely the spokesman for [the Lakers] as far as leadership goes",[70] while Bryant called him his favorite teammate.[71]  In a 2011 poll of NBA players by Sports Illustrated, Fisher received the fourth-most votes, six percent, for being the best flopper in the game. "Fish takes the contact. He does draw and sell offensive fouls," Jackson said. "We're happy he does what he does."[72]  Fisher was a player representative for the NBPA before becoming a member of the union's executive committee. He was elected the union's president in 2006. He supported the NBA's referees during their lockout in 2009. During the 2011 NBA lockout, Fisher took a more active role than his predecessors, and he shared the lead with Billy Hunter, the union's full-time executive director.[73] Jason Whitlock of Foxsports.com wrote that Fisher was privately working with Stern on a deal to accept a lower percentage of revenues for the players and that Hunter confronted Fisher about the issue.[74] In a letter to the players, Fisher called the reports questioning his loyalty "absurd" and demanded "a retraction for the libelous and defamatory stories" through his attorneys.[75][76] Hunter said, "My relationship with Derek is very good. There was no confrontation."[76][77]  Hunter later persuaded the union's executive committee to vote to request Fisher's resignation. Fisher did not resign and pushed for an outside investigation of the union. Hunter's leadership was criticized in the findings. During their annual meeting over the All-Star break in 2013, the union unanimously voted Hunter out as executive director.[78] Fisher was re-elected as president, he was not on an NBA roster at the time, but remained eligible due to his stint earlier in the season with Dallas.[78][79] Fisher's term as president expired in summer 2013.[80]  In May 2013, Hunter sued Fisher and Jamie Wior, Fisher's publicist and business partner, seeking compensation and punitive damages.[81] The suit claimed that Fisher had a secret deal with NBA owners during the lockout.[82] In January 2014, a judge dismissed all of Hunter's claims against Wior and Fisher,[83][84] and Hunter dropped his subsequent appeal in May.[85]  Fisher is the younger brother of former NBA player Duane Washington, who is ten years Fisher's senior.[86] Fisher is a Christian who has spoken about his faith and the ability he believes it gives him to play basketball.[87] Fisher's nickname is D-Fish.[88]  He married his wife, Candace, on February 19, 2005,[89] and has four children: Tatum and Drew (twins), Marshall and Chloe.[90] On March 18, 2015, Fisher filed for divorce, citing irreconcilable differences,[91] the divorce was finalized in May 2016.[92]  In 2009, Fisher had a temporary restraining order placed on a 40-year-old female stalker who had been victimizing him since 2001.[93] She had insisted she and Fisher were married, and had even changed her surname to match his.[94] He had the order extended by three years, expiring in May 2012.[94]  Fisher competed on season 25 of Dancing with the Stars, partnered with professional dancer Sharna Burgess.[95] They were the third couple to be eliminated.  In October 2015, Fisher was involved in a physical altercation with former teammate Matt Barnes at a party in the home of Barnes' ex-wife, Gloria Govan.[96] Fisher and Govan became engaged in April 2018 and they married on July 17, 2021 at Cielo Farms in Malibu, California.[97][98]  Fisher was arrested on suspicion of DUI on June 4, 2017, after a car crash in Los Angeles in which his vehicle overturned. Govan, who was a passenger, was uninjured.[99] He later pleaded no contest in the case.[100]  # denotes interim head coach  5× NBA champion (2000–2002, 2009, 2010) Sun Belt Player of the Year (1996) 2× All-Sun Belt (1995, 1996) Sports portal List of National Basketball Association career games played leaders List of National Basketball Association career playoff games played leaders List of National Basketball Association career playoff steals leaders List of National Basketball Association career playoff 3-point scoring leaders"
Peter Beck (disambiguation);" Peter Beck is the New Zealand founder of Rocket Lab.  Peter Beck may also refer to:  Peter Beck (German politician) (born 1967), member of the Bürgerschaft of Bremen Peter Beck (luger) (born 1965), Liechtenstein luger Peter Beck (Ohio politician) (born 1952), Republican member of the House of Representatives of Ohio, United States Peter Beck (priest) (born 1948/49), local body politician and former dean of ChristChurch Cathedral in Christchurch, New Zealand Peter Beck (schoolmaster) (1909–2002), English headmaster Peter Beck, Australian television producer, see Shaun Micallef's Mad as Hell Beck (surname)"
Traditional story;" Traditional stories, or stories about traditions, differ from both fiction and nonfiction in that the importance of transmitting the story's worldview is generally understood to transcend an immediate need to establish its categorization as imaginary or factual. In the academic circles of literature, religion, history, and anthropology, categories of traditional story are important terminology to identify and interpret stories more precisely. Some stories belong in multiple categories and some stories do not fit into any category.  An anecdote is a short and amusing or interesting story about a biographical incident. It may be as brief as the setting and provocation of a bon mot. An anecdote is always presented as based on a real incident involving actual persons, whether famous or not, usually in an identifiable place, whether authentic or not, it has verisimilitude or truthiness. Over time, modification in reuse may convert a particular anecdote to a fictional piece, one that is retold but is "too good to be true". Sometimes humorous, anecdotes are not jokes, because their primary purpose is not simply to evoke laughter, but to reveal a truth more general than the brief tale itself, or to delineate an institutional or character trait in such a light that it strikes in a flash of insight to the very essence. Novalis observed, "An anecdote is a historical element — a historical molecule or epigram."[1] A brief monologue beginning "A man pops in a bar ..." will be a joke. A brief monologue beginning "Once J. Edgar Hoover popped in a bar ..." will be an anecdote. An anecdote thus is closer to the tradition of the parable than the patently invented fable with its animal characters and generic human figures — but it is distinct from the parable in the historical specificity which it claims.  Anecdotes are often of satirical nature. Under the totalitarian regime in the Soviet Union numerous political anecdotes circulating in society were the only way to reveal and denounce vices of the political system and its leaders. They made fun of such personalities as Lenin, Khrushchev, Brezhnev, and other Soviet leaders. In contemporary Russia there are many anecdotes about Vladimir Putin.[2]  The word 'anecdote' (in Greek: "unpublished", literally "not given out") comes from Procopius of Caesarea, the biographer of Justinian I, who produced a work entitled Ἀνέκδοτα (Anekdota, variously translated as Unpublished Memoirs or Secret History), which is primarily a collection of short incidents from the private life of the Byzantine court.  Gradually, the term anecdote came to be applied[a] to any short tale utilized to emphasize or illustrate whatever point the author wished to make.[b]  An apologue or apolog (from the Greek ἀπόλογος, a "statement" or "account") is a brief fable or allegorical story with pointed or exaggerated details, meant to serve as a pleasant vehicle for a moral doctrine or to convey a useful lesson without stating it explicitly. It is like a parable, except that it contains supernatural elements like a fable, often the personification of animals or plants. Unlike a fable, the moral is more important than the narrative details. As with the parable, the apologue is a tool of rhetorical argument used to convince or persuade.  Among the best known ancient and classical examples are that of Jotham in the Book of Judges (9:7-15), "The Belly and its Members," by the patrician Agrippa Menenius Lanatus in the second book of Livy, and perhaps most famous of all, those of Aesop. Well-known modern examples of this literary form include George Orwell's Animal Farm and the Br'er Rabbit stories derived from African and Cherokee cultures and recorded and synthesized by Joel Chandler Harris.  The term is applied more particularly to a story in which the actors or speakers are either various kinds of animals or are inanimate objects. An apologue is distinguished from a fable in that there is always some moral sense present in the former, which there need not be in the latter. An apologue is generally dramatic, and has been defined as "a satire in action."  An apologue differs from a parable in several respects. A parable is equally an ingenious tale intended to correct manners, but it can be true in the sense that "when this kind of actual event happens among men, this is what it means and this is how we should think about it", while an apologue, with its introduction of animals and plants, to which it lends ideas, language and emotions, contains only metaphoric truth: "when this kind of situation exists anywhere in the world, here is an interesting truth about it."  The parable reaches heights to which the apologue cannot aspire, for the points in which animals and nature present analogies to man are principally those of his lower nature (hunger, desire, pain, fear, etc.), and the lessons taught by the apologue seldom therefore reach beyond prudential morality (keep yourself safe, find ease where you can, plan for the future, don't misbehave or you'll eventually be caught and punished), whereas the parable aims at representing the relations between man and existence or higher powers (know your role in the universe, behave well towards all you encounter, kindness and respect are of higher value than cruelty and slander).  It finds its framework in the world of nature as it actually is, and not in any parody of it, and it exhibits real and not fanciful analogies. The apologue seizes on that which humans have in common with other creatures, and the parable on that which we have in common with a greater existence. Still, in spite of the difference of moral level, Martin Luther thought so highly of apologues as counselors of virtue that he edited and revised Aesop and wrote a characteristic preface to the volume.  The parable is always blunt and devoid of subtlety, and requires no interpretation, the apologue by nature necessitates at least some degree of reflection and thought to achieve understanding, and in this sense it demands more of the listener than the parable does.  The origin of the apologue is extremely ancient and comes from the Middle East and its surrounding area (Persia, Asia Minor, Egypt, etc.), which is the Classical fatherland of everything connected with allegory, metaphor and imagination. Veiled truth was often necessary in the Middle East, particularly among the slaves, who dared not reveal their minds too openly. It is noteworthy that the two fathers of apologue in the West were slaves, namely Aesop and Phaedrus. La Fontaine in France, Gay and Dodsley in England, Gellert, Lessing and Hagedorn in Germany, Tomas de Iriarte in Spain, and Krylov in Russia, are leading modern writers of apologues.  Length is not an essential matter in the definition of an apologue. Those of La Fontaine are often very short, as, for example, "Le Coq et la Perle" ("The Cock and the Pearl"). On the other hand, in the romances of Reynard the Fox we have medieval apologues arranged in cycles, and attaining epical dimensions. An Italian fabulist, Corti, is said to have developed an apologue of "The Talking Animals" reaching twenty-six cantos.  La Motte, writing at a time when this species of literature was universally admired, attributes its popularity to the fact that it manages and flatters amour-propre by inculcating virtue in an amusing manner without seeming to dictate or insist. This was the ordinary 18th-century view of the matter, but Rousseau contested the educational value of instruction given in this indirect form.  A work by P. Soullé, La Fontaine et ses devanciers (1866), is a history of the apologue from the earliest times until its final triumph in France.  Montesquieu wrote a propos his Persian Letters "There are certain truths of which it is not enough to persuade, but which must be made to be felt.  Such are the moral verities. Perhaps a bit of history will be more touching than subtle philosophy."  As a literary genre of high culture, romance or chivalric romance is a style of heroic prose and verse narrative that was popular in the aristocratic circles of High Medieval and Early Modern Europe. They were fantastic stories about marvel-filled adventures, often of a knight errant portrayed as having heroic qualities, who goes on a quest. Popular literature also drew on themes of romance, but with ironic, satiric or burlesque intent. Romances reworked legends, fairy tales, and history to suit the readers' and hearers' tastes, but by c.1600 they were out of fashion, and Miguel de Cervantes famously satirised them in his novel Don Quixote.  Still, the modern image of "medieval" is more influenced by the romance than by any other medieval genre, and the word medieval invokes knights, distressed damsels, dragons, and other romantic tropes.[3]  Originally, romance literature was written in Old French, Anglo-Norman and Occitan, later, in English and German. During the early 13th century romances were increasingly written as prose. In later romances, particularly those of French origin, there is a marked tendency to emphasize themes of courtly love, such as faithfulness in adversity.  During the Gothic Revival, from ca. 1800 the connotations of "romance" moved from the magical and fantastic to somewhat eerie "Gothic" adventure narratives.  A creation myth is a symbolic narrative of how the world began and how people first came to inhabit it.[4][5] They develop in oral traditions and therefore typically have multiple versions,[5] and they are the most common form of myth, found throughout human culture.[6][7] In the society in which it is told, a creation myth is usually regarded as conveying profound truths, metaphorically, symbolically and sometimes even in a historical or literal sense.[6][8] They are commonly, although not always, considered cosmogonical myths—that is they describe the ordering of the cosmos from a state of chaos or amorphousness.[9]  Creation myths often share a number of features. They often are considered sacred accounts and can be found in nearly all known religious traditions.[10] They are all stories with a plot and characters who are either deities, human-like figures, or animals, who often speak and transform easily.[11] They are often set in a dim and nonspecific past, what historian of religion Mircea Eliade termed in illo tempore ("at that time").[10][12]  Also, all creation myths speak to deeply meaningful questions held by the society that shares them, revealing of their central worldview and the framework for the self-identity of the culture and individual in a universal context.[13]  An etiological myth, or origin myth, is a myth intended to explain the origins of cult practices, natural phenomena, proper names and the like, or create a mythic history for a place or family. For example, the name Delphi and its associated deity, Apollon Delphinios, are explained in the Homeric Hymn which tells of how Apollo carried Cretans over the sea in the shape of a dolphin (delphis) to make them his priests. While Delphi is actually related to the word delphus ("womb"), many etiological myths are similarly based on folk etymology (the term "Amazon", for example). In the Aeneid (published circa 17 BC), Vergil claims the descent of Augustus Caesar's Julian clan from the hero Aeneas through his son Ascanius, also called Iulus.  The story of Prometheus' sacrifice-trick in Hesiod's Theogony relates how Prometheus tricked Zeus into choosing the bones and fat of the first sacrificial animal rather than the meat to justify why, after a sacrifice, the Greeks offered the bones wrapped in fat to the gods while keeping the meat for themselves.  A fable, as a literary genre, is a succinct fictional story, in prose or verse, that features animals, legendary creatures, plants, inanimate objects, or forces of nature that are anthropomorphised, and that illustrates a moral lesson (a "moral"), which may at the end be expressed explicitly in a pithy maxim.  A fable differs from a parable in that the latter excludes animals, plants, inanimate objects, and forces of nature as actors that assume speech and other powers of humankind.  Usage has not always been so clearly distinguished.  In the King James Version of the New Testament, "μύθος" ("mythos") was rendered by the translators as "fable"[14] in First and Second Timothy, in Titus and in First Peter.[15]  A factoid is a questionable or spurious (unverified, false, or fabricated) statement presented as a fact, but with no veracity. The word can also be used to describe a particularly insignificant or novel fact, in the absence of much relevant context.[16] The word is defined by the Compact Oxford English Dictionary as "an item of unreliable information that is repeated so often that it becomes accepted as fact".[17]  Factoid was coined by Norman Mailer in his 1973 biography of Marilyn Monroe. Mailer described a factoid as "facts which have no existence before appearing in a magazine or newspaper",[18] and created the word by combining the word fact and the ending -oid to mean "similar but not the same". The Washington Times described Mailer's new word as referring to "something that looks like a fact, could be a fact, but in fact is not a fact".[19]  Factoids may give rise to, or arise from, common misconceptions and urban legends.  A fairy tale (pronounced /ˈfeəriˌteɪl/) is a type of short story that typically features folkloric fantasy characters, such as fairies, goblins, elves, trolls, dwarves, giants, mermaids or gnomes, and usually magic or enchantments. However, only a small number of the stories refer to fairies. The stories may nonetheless be distinguished from other folk narratives such as legends (which generally involve belief in the veracity of the events described)[20] and explicitly moral tales, including beast fables.  In less technical contexts, the term is also used to describe something blessed with unusual happiness, as in "fairy tale ending" (a happy ending)[21] or "fairy tale romance" (though not all fairy tales end happily). Colloquially, a "fairy tale" or "fairy story" can also mean any far-fetched story or tall tale.  In cultures where demons and witches are perceived as real, fairy tales may merge into legends, where the narrative is perceived both by teller and hearers as being grounded in historical truth. However, unlike legends and epics, they usually do not contain more than superficial references to religion and actual places, people, and events, they take place once upon a time rather than in actual times.[22]  Fairy tales are found in oral and in literary form. The history of the fairy tale is particularly difficult to trace because only the literary forms can survive. Still, the evidence of literary works at least indicates that fairy tales have existed for thousands of years, although not perhaps recognized as a genre, the name "fairy tale" was first ascribed to them by Madame d'Aulnoy in the late 17th century. Many of today's fairy tales have evolved from centuries-old stories that have appeared, with variations, in multiple cultures around the world.[23] Fairy tales, and works derived from fairy tales, are still written today.  The older fairy tales were intended for an audience of adults, as well as children, but they were associated with children as early as the writings of the précieuses, the Brothers Grimm titled their collection Children's and Household Tales, and the link with children has only grown stronger with time.  Folklorists have classified fairy tales in various ways. The Aarne-Thompson classification system and the morphological analysis of Vladimir Propp are among the most notable. Other folklorists have interpreted the tales' significance, but no school has been definitively established for the meaning of the tales.  A fairy tale with a tragic rather a happy ending is called anti-fairy tale.  Folklore (or lore) consists of legends, music, oral history, proverbs, jokes, popular beliefs, fairy tales, stories, tall tales, and customs that are the traditions of a culture, subculture, or group. It is also the set of practices through which those expressive genres are shared. The study of folklore is sometimes called folkloristics. The word 'folklore' was first used by the English antiquarian William Thoms in a letter published in the London journal The Athenaeum in 1846.[24] In usage, there is a continuum between folklore and mythology. Stith Thompson made a major attempt to index the motifs of both folklore and mythology, providing an outline into which new motifs can be placed, and scholars can keep track of all older motifs.  Folklore can be divided into four areas of study: artifact (such as voodoo dolls), describable and transmissible entity (oral tradition), culture, and behavior (rituals). These areas do not stand alone, however, as often a particular item or element may fit into more than one of these areas.[25]  Folkloristics is the term preferred by academic folklorists for the formal, academic discipline devoted to the study of folklore. The term itself derives from the nineteenth-century German designation folkloristik (i.e., folklore). Ultimately, the term folkloristics is used to distinguish between the materials studied, folklore, and the study of folklore, folkloristics. In scholarly usage, folkloristics represents an emphasis on the contemporary, social aspects of expressive culture, in contrast to the more literary or historical study of cultural texts.  A ghost story may be any piece of fiction, or drama, or an account of an experience, that includes a ghost, or simply takes as a premise the possibility of ghosts or characters' belief in them. Colloquially, the term can refer to any kind of scary story. In a narrower sense, the ghost story has been developed as a short story format, within genre fiction. It is a form of supernatural fiction and specifically of weird fiction, and is often a horror story. While ghost stories are often explicitly meant to be scary, they have been written to serve all sorts of purposes, from comedy to morality tales. Ghosts often appear in the narrative as sentinels or prophets of things to come. Whatever their uses, the ghost story is in some format present in all cultures around the world, and may be passed down orally or in written form.  A joke is something spoken, written, or done with humorous intention. Jokes may have many different forms, e.g., a single word or a gesture (considered in a particular context), a question-answer, or a whole short story. The word "joke" has a number of synonyms.  To achieve their end, jokes may employ irony, sarcasm, word play and other devices.  Jokes may have a punch line, i.e. an ending to make it humorous.  A practical joke or prank differs from a spoken one in that the major component of the humour is physical rather than verbal (for example placing salt in the sugar bowl).  A legend (Latin, legenda, "things to be read") is a narrative of human actions that are perceived both by teller and listeners to take place within human history and to possess certain qualities that give the tale verisimilitude. Legend, for its active and passive participants includes no happenings that are outside the realm of "possibility", defined by a highly flexible set of parameters, which may include miracles that are perceived as actually having happened, within the specific tradition of indoctrination where the legend arises, and within which it may be transformed over time, in order to keep it fresh and vital, and realistic.  The Brothers Grimm defined legend as folktale historically grounded.[26] A modern folklorist's professional definition of legend was proposed by Timothy R. Tangherlini in 1990:[27]  Legend, typically, is a short (mono-) episodic, traditional, highly ecotypified[c] historicized narrative performed in a conversational mode, reflecting on a psychological level a symbolic representation of folk belief and collective experiences and serving as a reaffirmation of commonly held values of the group to whose tradition it belongs." An origin myth is a myth that purports to describe the origin of some feature of the natural or social world. One type of origin myth is the cosmogonic myth, which describes the creation of the world. However, many cultures have stories set after the cosmogonic myth, which describe the origin of natural phenomena and human institutions within a preexisting universe.  In Western classical scholarship, the word aition (from the Ancient Greek αἴτιον, "cause") is sometimes used for a myth that explains an origin, particularly how an object or custom came into existence.  The term mythology can refer either to the study of myths, or to a body or collection of myths.[28] As examples, comparative mythology is the study of connections between myths from different cultures,[29] whereas Greek mythology is  the body of myths from ancient Greece. In the field of folkloristics, a myth is defined as a sacred narrative explaining how the world and humankind came to be in their present form[30][31][32] and how customs, institutions and taboos were established.[33][34] Many scholars in other fields use the term "myth" in somewhat different ways.[32][35][36] In a very broad sense, the word can refer to any story originating within traditions.[37][38][39]  Oral tradition and oral lore is cultural material and tradition transmitted orally from one generation to another.[40][41] The messages or testimony are verbally transmitted in speech or song and may take the form, for example, of folktales, sayings, ballads, songs, or chants. In this way, it is possible for a society to transmit oral history, oral literature, oral law and other knowledges across generations without a writing system.  A narrower definition of oral tradition is sometimes appropriate.[40] Sociologists might also emphasize a requirement that the material is held in common by a group of people, over several generations, and might distinguish oral tradition from testimony or oral history.[42] In a general sense, "oral tradition" refers to the transmission of cultural material through vocal utterance, and was long held to be a key descriptor of folklore (a criterion no longer rigidly held by all folklorists).[43] As an academic discipline, it refers both to a set of objects of study and a method by which they are studied[44]—the method may be called variously "oral traditional theory", "the theory of Oral-Formulaic Composition" and the "Parry-Lord theory" (after two of its founders, see below)  The study of oral tradition is distinct from the academic discipline of oral history,[42] which is the recording of personal memories and histories of those who experienced historical eras or events.[45]  It is also distinct from the study of orality, which can be defined as thought and its verbal expression in societies where the technologies of literacy (especially writing and print) are unfamiliar to most of the population.[46]  A parable is[47] a succinct story, in prose or verse, that illustrates one or more moral, religious, instructive, or normative principles or lessons. It differs from a fable in that fables use animals, plants, inanimate objects, and forces of nature as actors that assume speech and other powers of humankind, while parables generally feature human characters. It is a type of analogy.[48]  Some scholars of the Canonical gospels and the New Testament apply the term "parable" only to the parables of Jesus,[49] though that is not a common restriction of the term. Parables such as "The Prodigal Son" are central to Jesus' teaching method in both  the canonical narratives and the apocrypha.  A political myth is an ideological explanation for a political phenomenon that is believed by a social group.   In 1975, Henry Tudor defined it in Political Myth published by Macmillan. He said  A myth is an interpretation of what the myth-maker (rightly or wrongly) takes to be hard fact. It is a device men adopt in order to come to grips with reality, and we can tell that a given account is a myth, not by the amount of truth it contains, but by the fact that it is believed to be true, and above all, by the dramatic form into which it is cast ... What marks a myth as being political is its subject matter ... [P]olitical myths deal with politics ... A political myth is always the myth of a particular group. It has a hero or protagonist, not an individual, but a tribe, a nation, a race, a class ... [and] it is always the group which acts as the protagonist in a political myth.[50]  In 2001, Christopher G. Flood described a working definition of a political myth as  an ideologically marked narrative which purports to give a true account of a set of past, present, or predicted political events and which is accepted as valid in its essentials by a social group.[51] A tall tale is a story with unbelievable elements, related as if it were true and factual. Some such stories are exaggerations of actual events, for example fish stories such as, "That fish was so big, why, I tell ya, it nearly sank the boat when I pulled it in!" Other tall tales are completely fictional tales set in a familiar setting, such as the European countryside, the American Old West, the Canadian Northwest, or the beginning of the Industrial Revolution.  Tall tales are often told so as to make the narrator seem to have been a part of the story. They are usually humorous or good-natured. The line between myth and tall tale is distinguished primarily by age, many myths exaggerate the exploits of their heroes, but in tall tales the exaggeration looms large, to the extent of becoming the whole of the story.  An urban legend, urban myth, urban tale, or contemporary legend, is a form of modern folklore consisting of stories that may or may not have been believed by their tellers to be true.[52] As with all folklore and mythology, the designation suggests nothing about the story's veracity, but merely that it is in circulation, exhibits variation over time, and carries some significance that motivates the community in preserving and propagating it.  Despite its name, an urban legend does not necessarily originate in an urban area. Rather, the term is used to differentiate modern legend from traditional folklore in pre-industrial times. For this reason, sociologists and folklorists prefer the term contemporary legend.  Urban legends are sometimes repeated in news stories and, in recent years, distributed by e-mail. People frequently allege that such tales happened to a "friend of a friend", so often, in fact, that "friend of a friend" ("FOAF") has become a commonly used term when recounting this type of story.  Some urban legends have passed through the years with only minor changes to suit regional variations. One example is the story of a woman killed by spiders nesting in her elaborate hairdo. More recent legends tend to reflect modern circumstances, like the story of people ambushed, anesthetized, and waking up minus one kidney, which was surgically removed for transplantation (a story which folklorists refer to as "The Kidney Heist").[53] "
Doany;" Doany is a commune (Malagasy: kaominina) in northern Madagascar. It belongs to the district of Andapa, which is a part of Sava Region. According to 2001 census the population of Doany was 19,928.[2]  Doany is served by a local airport. Primary and junior level secondary education are available in town. The majority 99% of the population are farmers.  The most important crops are coffee and vanilla, while other important agricultural products are peanut and beans.  Services provide employment for 1% of the population.[2]  Coordinates: 14°22′S 49°31′E﻿ / ﻿14.367°S 49.517°E﻿ / -14.367, 49.517    This Sava region of Madagascar location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Donne-moi le temps;" "Donne-moi le temps" (English: "Give Me the Time") is a 2002 song recorded by the French artist Jenifer Bartoli. Released on 15 April 2003, it was her fourth and last single, from her eponymous album, Jenifer. This song met success in France and Belgium (Wallonia) where it was a top ten hit.  Written by Pierre Lorain and composed by So, the pop ballad deals with a love relationship.  The song features on many French compilations, such as Les plus belles voix 2, Hits & Co, Now! Hits Référence Vol. 6, Stars France 2003 vol. 2, Hits France 2003 and NRJ Music Awards 2004. The song was performed on Jenifer's first tour and was thus included on her live album Jenifer fait son live, as the sixth track.[1]  "Donne-moi le temps" was performed as a duet by Jenifer and Grégory Lemarchal on the French show Star Academy 4. In 2013, the song was covered by Hélène Segara, Natasha St Pier, Claire Keim, Alizée and L'Orchestre Ostinato on the album La boîte à musique des Enfoirés.  The single entered the French chart at number 21 on 19 April 2003 and  hit number eight in its fourth week. Then it almost did not stop to drop on the chart, remaining for two weeks in the top ten, 18 weeks in the top 50 and 26 weeks on the chart (top 100).[2] It was ranked at number 48 on the End of the Year Chart.[3]  The single was charted for 15 weeks in Belgium (Wallonia), from 26 April 2003. It started at number 39 and reached a peak at number seven in its seventh week. Then the single dropped and totaled six weeks in the top ten.[4] It features at number 37 on the Annual Chart.[5]  In Switzerland, the single appeared at number 25 on 27 April 2003, then reached number 18 for two non consecutive weeks. It stayed for ten weeks in the top 50 and 21 weeks in the top 100.[6]    CD single "Donne-moi le temps" (New mix) — 4:11 "Entre humains" (Lisa Miskovsky/adapt. Alana Filippi) — 3:58 Digital download "Donne-moi le temps" — 4:11 "Donne-moi le temps" (2005 live version) — 4:23 Pierre Jaconelli: guitar Angepier: keyboards, piano & programming Dominique Grimaldi: bass guitar Christophe Deschamps: drums & percussion Denis Benarrosh: percussion Jean-François Berger: string arrangement & conducting Roland Chosson: French horn Cyril Normand: French horn Antoine Verglas: front cover photography Michel Sedan: back cover photography Happydesign: cover design"
That Heart Belongs to Me;" "That Heart Belongs to Me" is a country music song written and recorded by Webb Pierce. It was released in 1952 on the Decca label. In June 1952, the song reached the No. 1 spot on the Jockey chart. It peaked at No. 2 on the Juke Box chart and No. 5 on the Best Seller chart.[1] In Billboard's year-end country chart for 1952, it ranked No. 20.[2]  The song's lyrics bemoan a world full of "flirty guys" with "flirty, flirty ways" and warns the singer's girl not to let them steal her heart, because her heart belongs to the singer.  Since its original release in 1952, the song has been included in multiple albums and compilations of Pierce's music, including The Wondering Boy (1956), The Webb Pierce Story (1964), and the Bear Family box set, The Wondering Boy (1951-1958) (1990).  The song has also been covered by other artists, including Mickey Gilley,[3] Hank Snow,[4] Roy Drusky,[5] George Jones,[6] Carl Smith,[7] Dickey Lee,[8] Hugh X. Lewis,[9] and Lionel Cartwright.[10] "
2022 World Athletics Championships – Women's 800 metres;"  The women's 800 metres at the 2022 World Athletics Championships was held at the Hayward Field in Eugene from 21 to 24 July 2022.[1]  With the elimination of defending champion Halimah Nakaayi in the semis, the rest of the podiums of the Olympics and previous World Championships were represented in the final. Olympic Champion Athing Mu, silver medalist Keely Hodgkinson, Mary Moraa and Diribe Welteji all wanted to lead, the four spread shoulder to shoulder across the track after the break line. Welteji emerged the leader, Mu on her shoulder, Hodgkinson on the rail and Moraa boxing her in on the outside. They held that formation through the bell at 57.11 and into the turn putting a 2m gap on the remaining competitors. Just before the backstretch, Mu made her move into the lead, opening up a 2 m gap before the final turn. Hodgkinson got around Welteji and went off in search of Mu, putting 2m back to Moraa and Welteji with returning silver medalist, Olympic bronze medalist Raevyn Rogers and Natoya Goule coming back to join them. With 110m to go, Mu took the turn wide and seemed to slow, enough that Hodgkinson was able to grab the inside position on Mu. The two ran shoulder to shoulder down the home stretch, with Moraa and Welteji having a similar battle 2m behind them. Bumping elbows both in lane 1, Hodgkinson gained a slight advantage, then Mu came back to get the edge. Unlike the runaway in the Olympics, Mu barely opened a gap on Hodgkinson, taking a lean at the line just to be sure.  Behind them, Moraa was able to separate from Welteji for the bronze. At age 21, Moraa was the senior citizen amongst the top four, the other three still age 20.  Before the competition records were as follows:[2]  The standard to qualify automatically for entry was 1:59.50.[3]  The event schedule, in local time (UTC−7), was as follows:  The first 3 athletes in each heat (Q) and the next 6 fastest (q) qualify to the semi-finals.[4]  The first 2 athletes in each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualify to the final.[5]  The final was started on 24 July at 18:35.[6]  v t e"
Rudra Kandali;"   Rudra Kandali  (Assamese: ৰুদ্ৰ কন্দলি ) (B. 1200s) was a litterateur from Kamrup. He was a well known poet of the 12th century and contemporary of the likes of Haribara Vipra and Hema Saraswati.[1]  He wrote short narrative poems based on the episodes of Mahabharata. He translated an episode of Drona Parva of Mahabharata relating to powers of Satyaki, son of Siva of Yadu race which (translation) is faithful, homely similes and metaphors are frequently used.[2] Called Satyaki Prabesh, he did it under the patronage of Tamradhvaj, the successor of Dharmanarayan of Kamata kingdom fame.[3]  Gopalacharana Dwija Bhusana Dvija"
Young Abraham;" Young Abraham is a CGI animated film portraying the early years of biblical Abraham.  The film opens with a portentous observation by King Nimrod's chief stargazer. He witnesses one star consuming four surrounding stars, after which an ethereal light emanating from the remaining star bathes one house in the city of Ur Kaśdim, the seat of Nimrod's kingdom. Inside this home, a baby has been born to Nimrod's general Terakh and his wife, Amaslei. Spurred by his stargazer's warnings of impending rebellion by this infant, Nimrod orders young Abraham put to death.  Terakh deceives Nimrod and furnishes the baby of his servant girl to take Abraham's place. Amaslei flees, and for the next several years she rears Avraham in hiding. Early on, Avraham displays high intelligence and he quickly arrives at the conclusion of a  singular god. Emboldened by his discovery of God in a pervasively polytheistic land, he returns to Ur Kaśdim where he assumes a janitorial position at his father's idol shop. One day, Utz visits the shop to buy an idol. Abraham innocently asks Utz to explain how an inanimate idol of stone can provide for and he urges Utz to disavow idolatry. Then, after destroying all the idols in the shop, Avraham places the mallet into the hand of a stone likeliness of Nimrod, the largest idol in the shop and attempts to mollify his father Terakh, insisting that the idol of Nimrod was the perpetrator of the iconoclasm. Enraged by the carnage of his idols, Terakh permits Nimrod's men to frogmarch his son to Nimrod to be condemned for his blasphemous and treasonable actions.  Abraham breaks loose of the guard's grip en route the palace, and finds himself on the run once again. After a fortuitous encounter with an angel, who saves him from certain death in the desert, Abraham is led by the angel to the yeshiva of Noah. Noah takes Abraham under his wing and eventually instructs a now-matured and grown up Abraham to return to Ur Kaśdim and smash the pyramid of Mesopotamian idolatry.  The final scene of the film is a showdown in which Abraham defiantly refuses to acknowledge Nimrod's bald self-declaration as "God Supreme" of the world. An infuriated Nimrod hurls Abraham into a bonfire, but he miraculously survives before the eyes of a repentant Nimrod, who now recognizes the God of Abraham and instructs his people to convert to Abraham's monotheistic beliefs.  Drawing on the Bible, Midrash and numerous commentaries, Rabbis Yisroel Bernath and Zvi Hershcovich researched and wrote the first draft of the script.[1]  A production of Bible Kids Club, the film was produced for direct-to-video release by Big Bang Digital Studios. The film was directed by Todd Shaffer and produced by Oliver Cohen, Charlie Cohen, Moshe Dayan and Sidney El Hadad. The four-year-long project was produced at a budget of $1.8 million.[2]  The film was released in 2011.[3]  Young Abraham has been well received by audiences and has garnered positive reviews.[4][5][6]  In a feature article for Lubavitch News Service/Lubavitch.com, Mendy Rimler wrote, "...the climax and message of the CGI (computer generated imagery) animated motion picture, a vivid and compelling retelling of the biblical and Midrashic story of Abraham’s discovery of God: At last, kosher entertainment with Jewish and visual depth."[7]  The Dove Foundation awarded Young Abraham five doves,[8] their highest rating.  April 2011 (2011-04) Adam Koren as Abraham Burney Lieberman as Nimrod Pichas Blitt as Noach"
David Niven on screen, stage, radio, record and in print;"   The British actor David Niven (1910–1983) performed in many genres of light entertainment, including film, radio and theatre. He was also the author of four books: two works of fiction and two autobiographies. Described by Brian McFarlane, writing for the British Film Institute (BFI), as being "of famously debonair manner",[1] Niven's career spanned from 1932 until 1983.  After brief spells as an army officer, whisky salesman and with a horse racing syndicate,[2] he was an uncredited extra in his screen debut in There Goes the Bride, he went on to appear in nearly a hundred films, the last of which was in 1983: Curse of the Pink Panther. During his long film career, he was presented with a Golden Globe Award for his part in The Moon Is Blue (1953) and was nominated for a BAFTA for the titular lead in Carrington V.C. (1955). For his role as Major Pollock in the 1958 film Separate Tables, Niven was awarded the Academy and Golden Globe awards for a performance where "the pain behind the fake polish was moving to observe".[1] According to Sheridan Morley, Niven's other notable works include The Charge of the Light Brigade (1938), The Way Ahead (1944), A Matter of Life and Death (1946)—judged by the BFI to be one of the top twenty British films of all time[3]—The Guns of Navarone (1961) and the role of Sir Charles Litton in three Pink Panther films.[2]  Niven lived much of his life in the United States, although upon the outbreak of the Second World War, he returned to Britain to fight, and was re-commissioned as a lieutenant in the Highland Light Infantry.[2] At the end of the war he returned to the US and continued his film work, but increasingly appeared on American radio and television channels, and later on their British counterparts. In the latter medium he appeared frequently in the Four Star Playhouse series, as well as producing some editions. For his roles in both television and on film, Niven was honoured with two stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.[4] He died in 1983 from a virulent form of motor neurone disease at the age of 73.[5]  ^1  This list also includes film specific awards and nominations won by Niven, but not the career awards, which consisted of: the 1959 Louella O. Parsons' Golden Apple Award for Most Cooperative Male Star,[39] the Alexander Walker Special Award, won at the 1980 Evening Standard British Film Awards.[40] ^1  This list also includes programme-specific nominations for Niven, but not the career nominations, which consisted of the 1956 Emmy Award for Best Continuing Performance by an Actor in a Dramatic Series for his work in the Four Star Playhouse series.[39]"
Javier Filardi;" Javier Filardi (born 7 February 1980) is an Argentine volleyball player. He was part of the Argentina men's national volleyball team at the 2014 FIVB Volleyball Men's World Championship in Poland.[1] He played with UPCN San Juan. Last year he won the Bronze Medal I Brazil and this year he was part of the team that won the South America Clubs Championship.    This biographical article relating to volleyball in Argentina is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. UPCN San Juan (2013-)"
Band of Gypsys 2;" Band of Gypsys 2 is a posthumous live album by American rock musician Jimi Hendrix, released in October 1986 by Capitol Records. Produced by Alan Douglas, it followed the live mini LP Johnny B. Goode (1986), which also included live recordings from the Atlanta International Pop Festival (1970) and the Berkeley Community Theatre (1970).  The LP went out-of-print and was never released on CD, but all of the tracks are included on more recent albums, such as Songs for Groovy Children: The Fillmore East Concerts (2019), Freedom: Atlanta Pop Festival (2015), and Live at Berkeley (2003).  In a contemporary review for The Village Voice, music critic Robert Christgau gave Band of Gypsys 2 an "A−" and said he preferred it over the original Band of Gypsys (1970) record because it lacks the "brotherhood bromides" that were on that album's second side. He added that the versions of classic Hendrix songs on this record's second side "sound a lot fresher now than they would have fifteen years ago, and not just because pressing techniques have taken such a leap".[1] Paul Evans gave the album three-and-a-half out of five stars in The Rolling Stone Album Guide (1992).[2]  All tracks are written by Jimi Hendrix, except where noted. Jimi Hendrix – guitar, vocals Billy Cox – bass guitar Buddy Miles – drums on "Hear My Train A Comin'", "Foxy Lady", drums and vocals on "Stop" Mitch Mitchell – drums on "Voodoo Child (Slight Return)", "Stone Free", "Ezy Ryder", "Hey Joe", "Hey Baby (New Rising Sun)", and "Lover Man""
Sverre Erik Jebens;" Sverre Erik Jebens (born 29 September 1949) is a Norwegian lawyer and the former judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of Norway, a position he held from November 2004 to 2011. He is currently a judge in the Norwegian Court of Appeal, Frostating lagmannsrett.  Jebens was born on 29 September 1949 in Bergen, the second largest city in Norway, and studied law at the University of Oslo in the country's capital, graduating in 1977.[1] He was then appointed Deputy Judge at the Inderøy branch of the District Court of Steinkjer, and in 1980 took up a post with Trondheim police as head of its Financial Crimes Section.[1]  From 1983 to 1985, he was Legal Advisor within the Norwegian Ministry of Justice, and from 1987 to 1988 was Chief Legal Counsel at Trondheim County Borough Council, after which he was appointed judge at Frostating Court of Appeal in Trondheim.[1] In November 2004, he took up office as Judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of Norway. He served as at the European Court of Human Rights until August 2011. He is resident in Trondheim, where the Frostating Court of Appeal is located.  Sverre Erik Jebens: Menneskerettigheter i straffeprosessen ("Human rights in criminal procedure"), Oslo 2004. ISBN 82-02-23997-4 European Court of Human Rights List of judges of the European Court of Human Rights"
Airman Magazine;" Airman Magazine is the official magazine of the United States Air Force and reports on information and news about and of interest to Air Force members and their families. It is published bi-monthly online by the Defense Media Activity group. Airman also published The Book annually, a summary of basic Air Force facts, including weapons and aircraft, but discontinued doing so after 2011.  Airman was first published in August 1957 as The Airman.[1] The final printed edition was released on September 1, 2011, with its new digital format for September/October 2011 being simultaneously published.[2] The direct predecessor to Airman was called the Air Service Weekly Newsletter, first published on September 21, 1918. Before its cancellation in 1946, its name was changed to Air Corps Weekly Newsletter, Air Force Weekly Newsletter, and finally Air Forces Weekly Newsletter.[1]    This military magazine or journal-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. See tips for writing articles about magazines. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page."
Luis Sosa (cyclist);"   Luis Sosa (born 15 October 1949) is a Uruguayan former cyclist. He competed in the team time trial at the 1968 Summer Olympics.[1]  This biographical article relating to Uruguayan cycling is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Tammela;" Tammela may refer to:  Tammela, Estonia, a village in Hiiumaa Parish, Hiiu County, Estonia Tammela, Finland,  a municipality in the province of Southern Finland Tammela, Tampere, a city district in Tampere, Finland Tammela Square, a market square in Tampere, Finland Tammela Stadion, a football stadium in Tampere, Finland"
Ralsko (mountain);" Ralsko (German: Rollberg or Roll) is a mountain in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic. It is a 696-metre-high (2,283 ft) basalt isolated cone mountain. The ruins of the Gothic Ralsko Castle are on its top. The summit area is protected as a nature reserve.  Ralsko is located in the municipal territories of Noviny pod Ralskem and Ralsko, about 16 kilometres (10 mi) east of Česká Lípa and 22 kilometres (14 mi) west of Liberec.  The peak of the mountain formed as a volcanic upheaval during the geologic Tertiary Period.[1]  From 1950 to 1991, the mountain part of the Ralsko military training area.[2]  The summit area with an area of 23.7 hectares (59 acres) has been protected as a nature reserve since 1967.[3]  The first wooden castle was probably built as early as the 13th century. The oldest preserved parts of the castle are the two residential towers, which were probably built as early as the 14th century. In the 15th century, the castle was expanded with a shield wall.   The castle was conquered in 1468 by the troops of the Bohemian Lusatian League. A ruse was used to do this, and soldiers secretly entered the castle while the cattle were returning from the pasture. In 1505 the castle is mentioned as being abandoned.[4]  Coordinates: 50°40′27″N 14°45′55″E﻿ / ﻿50.6741°N 14.7653°E﻿ / 50.6741, 14.7653 "
Bước nhảy hoàn vũ (season 4);"   Bước nhảy hoàn vũ 2013 was the fourth season of Bước nhảy hoàn vũ produced by Vietnam Television and Cat Tien Sa Productions based upon the BBC Worldwide's Dancing with the Stars. The judges were Khánh Thi, Lê Hoàng and Trần Ly Ly. Each week they were joined by a guest judge.  This table only counts dances scored on the traditional 40-points scale. Week 1 scores were adjusted to be out of 40.  The best and worst performances in each dance according to the judges' marks are as follows:  According to the traditional 40-point scale:  Unless indicated otherwise, individual judges scores in the charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Guest judge, Trần Ly Ly, Lê Hoàng, Khánh Thi.  Individual judges scores in the charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Trần Ly Ly, Lê Hoàng, Khánh Thi.  Individual judges scores in the charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Cao Thị Đoan Trang, Trần Ly Ly, Lê Hoàng, Khánh Thi.  Individual judges scores in the charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Trần Thị Thủy Tiên, Trần Ly Ly, Lê Hoàng, Khánh Thi.  Individual judges scores in the charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Lê Ngọc Minh Hằng, Trần Ly Ly, Lê Hoàng, Khánh Thi.  Individual judges scores in the charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Cao Thị Đoan Trang, Trần Ly Ly, Lê Hoàng, Khánh Thi.  Individual judges scores in the charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Trương Nam Thành, Trần Ly Ly, Lê Hoàng, Khánh Thi.  Individual judges scores in the charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Việt Tú, Trần Ly Ly, Lê Hoàng, Khánh Thi.  Individual judges scores in the charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Trần Thị Thủy Tiên, Trần Ly Ly, Lê Hoàng, Khánh Thi.  Individual judges scores in the charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Lê Ngọc Minh Hằng, Trần Ly Ly, Lê Hoàng, Khánh Thi.  Individual judges scores in the charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Cao Thị Đoan Trang, Trần Ly Ly, Lê Hoàng, Khánh Thi.  The celebrities and professional partners danced one of these routines for each corresponding week:  Guest judge: Cao Thị Đoan Trang, singer, season 1 runner-up and former co-host. Guest judge: Trần Thị Thủy Tiên, singer, season 2 runner-up. Guest judge: Lê Ngọc Minh Hằng, singer and actress, season 3 champion. Guest judge: Cao Thị Đoan Trang, singer, season 1 runner-up and former co-host. Guest judge: Trương Nam Thành, model, season 3 runner-up. Guest judge: Việt Tú, director. Note: The couple who earns the highest combined total of judges' scores and viewers' votes this week will gain immunity for the next week and will go straight through to the semi-finals. Guest judge: Trần Thị Thủy Tiên, singer, season 2 runner-up. Note: Yến Trang & Tihomir, who earned the highest combined total of judges' scores and viewers' votes last week, are immune this week. Their dances this week will not be scored and the audience will not be able to vote for them. They will go straight through to next week. Guest judge: Lê Ngọc Minh Hằng, singer and actress, season 3 champion. Guest judge: Cao Thị Đoan Trang, singer, season 1 runner-up and former co-host. Week 1: One unlearned dance Week 2: Cha-cha-cha or Waltz or Jive or Quickstep Week 3: Paso Doble or Rumba or Tango Week 4: One unlearned dance from week 2 or 3 (Opponents' Choice Week) Week 5: One unlearned Latin dance with elements of a folk dance Week 6: Broadway dance Week 7: One dance of two combined styles (Fusion) and Swing marathon Week 8: Argentine Tango and a Trio dance Week 9: Samba and a Fusion or Freestyle dance to Michael Jackson's music Week 10: Judges' choice dance and Freestyle"
Francis Honeycutt;"   Francis Webster Honeycutt (May 26, 1883 – September 20, 1940) was an American fencer and military officer. He won a bronze medal in the team foil event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.[1] He rose to the rank of brigadier general in 1940 and assumed command of 9th Infantry Division, before he was killed during an aircraft accident two weeks later.[2][3]  Francis W. Honeycutt was born on May 26, 1883 in San Francisco, California as the son of John Thomas Honeycutt and Jennie Webster.[4][5] His father was a West Point graduate and Captain in the United States Army, who died of typhoid fever as Commander of Fort Clinch, Florida in October 1898. Following the high school, Francis received an appointment to the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York and was active in fencing team.  He was a classmate and friend of Joseph Stilwell, the future American commanding general in the China-Burma-India theater of World War II.[6] Also many of his classmates became general officer later in their careers including Lesley J. McNair, Robert C. Richardson, Jr., Jay Leland Benedict, Innis P. Swift, Henry Conger Pratt, Charles F. Thompson, Fulton Q. Gardner, George R. Allin, William Bryden, Walter R. Fulton, George V. Strong, Pelham D. Glassford, Irving J. Phillipson, Donald C. Cubbison and Thomas M. Robins.  Honeycutt graduated with Bachelor of Science degree in June 1904 and was commissioned second lieutenant in the Field Artillery branch. He returned to the Military Academy as a mathematics instructor from 1907 to 1911.[7] Honeycutt served in the various field artillery assignments and commanded 338th Field Artillery Regiment as the part of 88th Division during the World War I, where he trained the replacements at Camp Dodge, Iowa until June 1918.[8]  Following the war, Honeycutt graduated from the Command and General Staff School in 1923.[9] He rose through the ranks and commanded 1st Battalion, 18th Field Artillery Regiment in Oklahoma City from July 1927 to August 1928 and later served on the faculty of the Army War College[8] after graduating in 1929.[9]  In August 1935, Honeycutt was ordered to Fort Sam Houston, Texas and commanded 15th Field Artillery Regiment until March 1937, when he was ordered to the Philippines for service as Commanding officer, 12th Field Artillery Brigade at Fort Stotsenburg.[8]  Honeycutt returned to the United States in early September 1940, was promoted to the rank of brigadier general and assumed command of 13th Field Artillery Brigade at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. Following the reactivation of 9th Infantry Division at Fort Bragg, he assumed additional duty as Commanding general of the division and also held command of Fort Bragg.[6][8]  On September 20, 1940, General Honeycutt was killed in Army plane crash accident near Woodbine, Georgia, while returning from Jacksonville, Florida, where he was for a conference on military matters. Two other men killed in the crash were: Capt. George F. Kehoe, pilot of the craft, and Corporal Robert J. Schmitz, radioman and mechanic.[5] Honeycutt was buried with full military honors at United States Military Academy Cemetery.  He was married to Margaret Harmon (1882–1979), a daughter of Colonel Millard F. Harmon and sister of lieutenant generals Millard F. Harmon Jr. and Hubert R. Harmon. From his marriage with Margaret, Honeycutt had one son, future Major General John T. Honeycutt and two daughters, Jane (1919–2011), a wife of Colonel William W. West, III and Margaret (1913-1972), a wife of Major general Donald P. Graul. "
Pan American Women's Youth Handball Championship;" The Pan American Women's Youth Handball Championship was the official competition for youth women's national handball teams of Americas, and took place every two years. In addition to crowning the Pan American champions, the tournament also served as a qualifying tournament for the Youth World Championship. In 2018, the PATHF was deprived of recognition and the tournament was replaced with the IHF Trophy for North America and the Caribbean, and the South and Central American Women's Youth Handball Championship.  This handball competition article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
John Drew Barrymore;"   John Drew Barrymore (born John Blyth Barrymore Jr., June 4, 1932 – November 29, 2004) was an American film actor and member of the Barrymore family of actors, which included his father, John Barrymore, and his father's siblings, Lionel and Ethel. He was the father of four children, including actor John Blyth Barrymore and actress Drew Barrymore. Diana Barrymore was his half-sister from his father's second marriage.  Barrymore was born in Los Angeles to John Barrymore (born John Blyth) and silent film actress Dolores Costello.[1][2] His parents separated when he was 18 months old, and he rarely saw his father afterward. Educated at private schools, he made his film debut at 17, billed as John Barrymore Jr.[1] One of the schools he attended was the Hollywood Professional School.[3][4] His mother attempted to dissuade him from entering acting, sending him to St. John’s Military Academy.[5] In 1945, at age 13, Barrymore and his cousin Dirk Drew Davenport enlisted in the United States Navy to fight in World War II, posing as 17 year olds.[5][6] As both were tall for their age, the military did not discover until several weeks later that the boys were below the minimum enlistment age and they were subsequently sent home.[5][6]  Barrymore's film career began with a small role in The Sundowners (1950), a Western with Robert Preston.[7] As he was a minor he needed his mother's permission. His fee was $7,500.[8][9] He was promoted to leading man in just his second movie, the Western High Lonesome (1950), written and directed by Alan Le May, who also wrote Barrymore's next film, Quebec (1951).[10] He starred in The Big Night (1951), written and directed by Joseph Losey, and was in Thunderbirds (1952) with John Derek at Republic. In 1953, he was briefly jailed for failing to appear on three old traffic charges.[11]  Barrymore's films were not particularly successful. He moved into television, guest-starring on shows like Schlitz Playhouse and The 20th Century-Fox Hour . He did some TV movies, including The Reluctant Redeemer (1954) and The Adventures of Lt. Contee (1955), and appeared in several episodes of Matinee Theatre. In 1957 he directed an episode of Matinee Theatre, "One for All". "Television gives me the chance to do what movies didn't", he said.[12] In 1955, Barrymore was sued by Lanny Budd Productions for not making a series of movies in Europe. Barrymore counter-sued.[13]  Barrymore returned to features with supporting parts in While the City Sleeps (1956), for director Fritz Lang, and The Shadow on the Window (1957). In 1957, he appeared in a production of Romeo and Juliet at the Pasadena Playhouse with Margaret O'Brien.[14] He guest starred in Playhouse 90 (the original production of The Miracle Worker), Climax!, Westinghouse Desilu Playhouse and Wagon Train.  In 1958, he changed his middle name to Drew, although he had previously been credited in past works as Blyth. He had a supporting part in High School Confidential! (1958) at MGM, and the lead in Never Love a Stranger and MGM's interracial drama, Night of the Quarter Moon (1959) with  Julie London.[15] In December 1958, he was sentenced to three weekends in prison after a drunken public fight with his wife in a parking lot.[16] In January 1959, his ex-wife sued for non payment of alimony.[17] In March 1959, he was arrested for suspected hit-and-run drunk driving.[18] In October 1959, he quit the touring company of Look Homeward, Angel after a week and a half of rehearsals.[19]  Barrymore journeyed to Italy to star in The Cossacks (1960) with Edmund Purdom. The actor stayed in Italy for the next few years, with lead or main cast roles including appearances in The Night They Killed Rasputin (1960, playing Felix Yusupov), The Pharaohs' Woman (1961), The Centurion (1961), The Trojan Horse (1961, playing Ulysses), Pontius Pilate (1961, playing both Judas and Jesus), Invasion 1700 (1962) and Rome Against Rome (1964).  During his five years in Europe, Barrymore appeared in the UK film The Christine Keeler Story (1963, filmed in Denmark) as Stephen Ward.  Barrymore returned to Los Angeles. He announced he made 16 films abroad, but "I'm not going to do anything bad any more. I feel I'm straightened out and down the block. Somewhere around the block I lost half my ego, so I don't work for applause."[20] He also said he had started to write scripts. He guest starred on episodes of various television series, including Gunsmoke, Rawhide, The Wild Wild West,  Run for Your Life,[21] Jericho, and Dundee and the Culhane, and appeared in the 1967 television film Winchester '73.  Barrymore's antisocial and erratic behavior continued to obstruct his professional progress. In the 1960s, he was occasionally incarcerated for drug use, public drunkenness, and spousal abuse.[1][22] In 1964, he went to prison for possession of marijuana.[15]  In 1966, Barrymore was signed to play a guest role as Lazarus in the Star Trek episode "The Alternative Factor". However, he failed to show up (replaced at the last minute by Robert Brown), resulting in a SAG suspension of six months.[23]  After the SAG suspension was served to Barrymore in 1967, he sporadically worked on-screen, sometimes with a few years between appearances.  In 1967, he was imprisoned for possession of drugs following a car crash.[24] In 1969, he was again arrested for possession of drugs after another car accident.[25]  Barrymore eventually withdrew from acting, with his final two appearances being a 1974 episode of Kung Fu and an uncredited role in the 1976 film Baby Blue Marine.  Barrymore suffered from the same addiction problems that had destroyed his father. Although he continued to appear occasionally onscreen, he became  reclusive, disappearing into the wilderness to live a mystical existence that has also been described as derelict. He was estranged from his family, including his children, and his lifestyle continued to worsen as his physical and mental health deteriorated.[26][27]  In 2003, his daughter Drew moved him near her home, despite their estrangement. She paid his medical bills until his death from cancer the following year at age 72. She spread his ashes at Joshua Tree National Park, John's favorite place.[28] He has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for his contributions to television.  All of Barrymore's marriages ended in divorce. His first marriage was to actress Cara Williams in 1952, they had one child, John Blyth Barrymore (b. 1954), before they divorced in 1959. A year later, in 1960, Barrymore married Gabriella Palazzoli. Their daughter, Blyth Dolores Barrymore, was born that same year. Their marriage lasted 10 years before ending in divorce in 1970.[29]  Cara Williams (1953–1959) (divorced) (1 child) John Blyth Barrymore III, born May 15, 1954 John Blyth Barrymore III, born May 15, 1954 Gabriella Palazzoli (1960–1970) (divorced) (1 child) Blyth Dolores Barrymore, born 1960 Blyth Dolores Barrymore, born 1960 Ildiko Jaid Mako (1971–1984) (divorced) (1 child) Drew Barrymore, born February 22, 1975 Drew Barrymore, born February 22, 1975 Nina Wayne (1985–1994) (divorced)[citation needed] (1 child) Brahma (Jessica) Blyth Barrymore (1966–2014)[30] Brahma (Jessica) Blyth Barrymore (1966–2014)[30] The Sundowners (1950) – Jeff Cloud, the Younger Brother High Lonesome (1950) – Cooncat Quebec (1951) – Mark Douglas The Big Night (1951) – George La Main Thunderbirds (1952) – Pvt. Tom McCreery While the City Sleeps (1956) – Robert Manners The Shadow on the Window (1957) – Jess Reber High School Confidential (1958) – J.I. Coleridge Never Love a Stranger (1958) – Francis 'Frankie' Kane Desilu Playhouse (1958, episode: "Silent Thunder") Wagon Train (1958, episode: "The Ruttledge Munroe Story") – Ruttledge Munroe Rawhide (1959–1965, TV series) – Danny Hawks / Harry Eccles / Harry Tasunka Night of the Quarter Moon (1959) – Roderic 'Chuck' Nelson The Cossacks (1960) – Jamal The Night They Killed Rasputin (1960) – Prince Felix Yousoupoff Ti aspetterò all'inferno [it] (1960) – Walter The Pharaohs' Woman (1960) – Sabaku prince of Bubastis The Centurion (1961) – Diaeus The Trojan Horse (1961) – Ulysses Pontius Pilate (1962) – Judas / Jesus Invasion 1700 (1962) – Bohun Weapons of War (1963) – Lotario Duchesca The Keeler Affair (1963) – Dr. Stephen Ward Natika (1963) Rome Against Rome (AKA War of the Zombies) (1964) – Aderbad Death on the Four Poster (1964) – Anthony Crimine a due (1964) – Paul Morand The Wild Wild West (1965, episode: "The Night of the Double-Edged Knife") – American Knife Gunsmoke (1965, TV series) – Mace Gore / Anderson Winchester '73 (1967, TV movie) – Preacher The Clones (1973) – Brooks Brothers Hippie Kung Fu (1974, episode: "A Dream Within a Dream") – Alex McGregor Baby Blue Marine (1976)"
Gone Troppo;"   Gone Troppo is the tenth studio album by English rock musician George Harrison, released on 5 November 1982 by Dark Horse Records. It includes "Wake Up My Love", issued as a single, and "Dream Away", which was the theme song for the 1981 HandMade Films production Time Bandits. Harrison produced the album with Ray Cooper and former Beatles engineer Phil McDonald.  With Harrison uninterested in the contemporary music scene and unwilling to promote the release, Gone Troppo failed to chart in the United Kingdom, and it was his only post-Beatles studio album not to chart inside the top 20 in the United States.[1] For the next five years, he largely took an extended hiatus from his music career, with only the occasional soundtrack recording surfacing.  By the early 1980s, Harrison had been finding the current musical climate alienating. His 1981 album Somewhere in England had sold fairly well, aided by the John Lennon tribute hit, "All Those Years Ago", but in the United States it was Harrison's first album since the Beatles' break-up that failed to receive gold certification from the RIAA. With one album left on his current recording contract,[2] Harrison recorded Gone Troppo in 1982 but refused to promote it or make music videos for the two singles. The title is an Australian slang expression meaning "gone mad or crazy due to tropical heat" or just "gone mad".  The album's artwork was credited to "Legs" Larry Smith, formerly of the Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band.  Gone Troppo was issued on Dark Horse Records in November 1982. Warner Bros. Records, which distributed Harrison's Dark Horse label, were at a loss as to how to market the album and matched the artist's indifference by failing to promote the release. The album peaked at number 108 in the United States and failed to chart at all in the United Kingdom.  "Wake Up My Love" and "That's the Way It Goes" were included on Harrison's Best of Dark Horse 1976–1989 album, and the title track also appeared on the compact disc version of that 1989 compilation. No tracks from Gone Troppo were included on the 2009 career-spanning collection Let It Roll. "That's the Way It Goes" was covered by Joe Brown and other musicians at the Concert for George in November 2002.  In 2004, Gone Troppo was remastered and reissued, both separately from and as part of the deluxe box set The Dark Horse Years 1976–1992. The reissue added a demo version of "Mystical One" as its sole bonus track.  Among contemporary reviews, Billboard said of Gone Troppo: "Harrison's sunny lyricism shines brightest when least encumbered by self-consciousness, and here that equation yields a breezy, deceptively eclectic charmer."[4] People magazine's reviewer wrote: "Because of his forays into the mystical, Harrison's penchant for whimsy often gets overlooked. But here the zany side gets no short shrift." The reviewer admired "lovelies" such as "Wake Up My Love" and "Dream Away", and described Gone Troppo as a "vinyl postcard" offering "flashes of brilliance".[9]  Less impressed, Steve Pond of Rolling Stone said that, of late, Harrison had "made a much better movie financier than musician", and he found the album "So offhand and breezy as to be utterly insubstantial", with "Wake Up My Love" the only song of note.[10] Writing for Musician, Roy Trakin considered that, in the wake of Lennon's assassination two years before, Harrison's "tortured honesty … dooms this record's attempt to heal those psychic wounds with calm, offhanded music". Trakin admired some of the guitar playing on the album but concluded: "It's too bad the public won't forget George Harrison was a Beatle. His musical output will undoubtedly suffer by comparison until we do."[13]  Reviewing more recently for AllMusic, critic William Ruhlmann writes of Gone Troppo: "Clearly, Harrison could no longer treat his musical career as a part-time stepchild to his interests in car racing and movie producing if he wanted to maintain it. As it turned out, he didn't, this was his last album for five years."[3] Writing in the 2004 edition of The Rolling Stone Album Guide, Mac Randall opined: "The dynamic, synth-driven 'Wake Up My Love' opens Gone Troppo and the spooky 'Circles' (yet another lost Beatles song) closes it, but there ain't much in between."[14]  John Harris of Mojo likens Gone Troppo to Harrison's final album for EMI/Capitol, Extra Texture (1975), and dismisses it as "Another contract-finisher, this time with Warner Brothers, recorded super-quick, and issued with barely any promotion."[7] Music Box editor John Metzger also holds it in low regard, writing: "Gone Troppo was undoubtedly the worst of George Harrison's solo albums … A few tunes, such as That's the Way It Goes and Unknown Delight, might have worked better if given different arrangements, but as a whole, Gone Troppo was a largely forgettable and sometimes embarrassing affair that appealed only to complete-ists and fanatics."[8]  More impressed, Dave Thompson wrote in Goldmine magazine of its standing as the release that preceded Harrison's temporary retirement from music: "to accuse the album itself of hastening that demise is grossly unfair." While conceding that it was a far from essential Harrison album, Thompson considered it to be "no worse than much of [Paul] McCartney's period output" and opined that "Dream Away" and "Circles" "stand alongside any number of Harrison's minor classics".[6]  Kit Aiken of Uncut describes Gone Troppo as "a return to form of sorts" after Somewhere in England and a collection of "amiable, light-hearted music made by a bunch of mates with nothing to prove".[12] In another favourable 2004 assessment, for Rolling Stone, Parke Puterbaugh wrote: "Gone Troppo might just be Harrison's most underrated album … [It] captures Harrison at his most relaxed and playful on songs such as the title track."[15]  All songs written and composed by George Harrison, except where noted.  Side one  Side two  Bonus track Gone Troppo was remastered and reissued in 2004 with the bonus track:  "Wake Up My Love"Released: 8 November 1982 "I Really Love You"Released: 9 February 1983 (US) "Dream Away"Released: February 1983 (Japan only) "Wake Up My Love" – 3:34 "That's the Way It Goes" – 3:34 "I Really Love You" (Leroy Swearingen) – 2:54 "Greece" – 3:58 "Gone Troppo" – 4:25  "Mystical One" – 3:42 "Unknown Delight" – 4:16 "Baby Don't Run Away" – 4:01 "Dream Away" – 4:29 "Circles" – 3:46  "Mystical One" (demo version) – 6:02 George Harrison – vocals, electric and acoustic guitars, synthesiser, bass, mandolin, marimba, jal tarang, backing vocals, production Ray Cooper – percussion, marimba, glockenspiel, electric piano, sound effects, production Mike Moran – keyboards, synthesiser, piano, synthesiser bass Henry Spinetti – drums (1–6, 10) Herbie Flowers – bass Billy Preston – organ, piano, keyboards, synthesizer, backing vocals Jim Keltner – percussion, drums Joe Brown – mandolin, backing vocals (6) Dave Mattacks – drums (9) Alan Jones – bass (9) Neil Larsen – piano (7) Gary Brooker – synthesizer (7) Willie Weeks – bass (7) Jon Lord – synthesizer (10) Willie Greene – backing vocals, bass voice Bobby King – backing vocals Vicki Brown – backing vocals Pico Pena – backing vocals Syreeta – backing vocals Sarah Ricor – backing vocals Rodina Sloan – backing vocals Phil McDonald – production Legs Larry Smith – art direction, design"
Unicorns N' Rainbows Tour;" The Unicorns N' Rainbows Tour  was a concert tour by American rap rock band Limp Bizkit.[1]  It took place mostly in Europe, visiting countries they never visited before, and extended into a short Asian leg as well, as well as one-off special appearance in Las Vegas, Nevada, after a UFC 100 performance was cancelled.[2] Two German dates on the tour, in Hamburg and Dortmund, were supported by rap rock act Hollywood Undead.  The tour marks the reunion of the band's original line-up (Fred Durst, Wes Borland, Sam Rivers, DJ Lethal and John Otto), as well as the release of a new album, the band's first since 2005's The Unquestionable Truth (Part 1). The new album, due to release sometime in 2010, will be followed by an additional promotional tour, this time in North America as well.  Encore  Encore   Results May Vary Tour (2003–2004)  Unicorns N' Rainbows Tour (2009)  Gold Cobra Tour (2010–2011) "Space Odyssey" (Intro) "My Generation" "Livin' It Up" "Show Me What You Got" "Eat You Alive" DJ Lethal Theme (All that Easy) "Hot Dog" "Re-Arranged" "Break Stuff" "The Truth" / "Pollution" (Varied between shows) "Boiler" "Just Like This" "Full Nelson" "My Way" "Faith" (George Michael cover) "Behind Blue Eyes" (The Who cover) "Nookie" "Take a Look Around" "Rollin' (Air Raid Vehicle)" "Space Odyssey" (Intro) "Hot Dog" "Livin' It Up" "Show Me What You Got" "My Generation" "Eat You Alive" "My Way" "Break Stuff" "Boiler" "Re-Arranged" "Pollution" "Get the Fuck Up" "Behind Blue Eyes" (The Who cover) "Nookie" "Faith" (George Michael cover) "Rollin' (Air Raid Vehicle)" "Full Nelson" "Take a Look Around""
Uzbekistan Ice Hockey Federation;"   The Uzbekistan Ice Hockey Federation (UIHF) (Uzbek: Oʻzbekiston xokkey federatsiyasi, OXF, Ўзбекистон хоккей федерацияси, ОХФ, Russian: Федерация хоккея Узбекистана) is the governing body of ice hockey in Uzbekistan.[1][2]  The Uzbekistan Ice Hockey Federation was founded on 28 March 2018, and was later accepted into the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF) on 26 September 2019,[3] the fourth former Soviet Republic from Central Asia to join the IIHF after Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan and Turkmenistan. The current president of the UIHF is Bakhtiyor Fazilov.  This ice hockey organization article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This article related to sport in Uzbekistan is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Uzbekistan Hockey League on Russian Wikipedia Uzbekistan national ice hockey team"
Percy Wilson;" Percy Wilson may refer to:  Percy Wilson (footballer) (1889–1941), Australian rules footballer Percy Wilson (RAF officer) (1895–?), British World War I flying ace Percy Wilson (baseball) (1899–1979), American Negro leagues baseball player Percy Wilson (botanist) (1879–1944), American botanist Perce Wilson (1890–1936), American football player T. P. Wilson (1819–1881), Anglican priest and author"
Decorate (disambiguation);" Decorate is the verb associated with Decoration  Decorate can also refer to:  Decorate (album), a 2010 studio album by Yuna Decorate (EP), a 2011 EP by Yuna Decorated (disambiguation)"
Omoglymmius offafinus;"   Omoglymmius offafinus is a species of beetle in the subfamily Rhysodidae.[1] It was described by R.T. & J.R. Bell in 1978.[1]    This Rhysodinae-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Paola Senatore;"   Paola Senatore (born 9 November 1949) is an Italian retired film actress.  Born in Rome, Paola Senatore worked in Italian genre films during the 1970s, including poliziotteschi, commedia sexy all'italiana and giallo films.[1] These included cult films such as Ricco the Mean Machine (1973), Story of a Cloistered Nun (1973), The Flower with the Petals of Steel (1973), The Killer Reserved Nine Seats (1974), Salon Kitty (1976), Emanuelle in America (1977), Images in a Convent (1979) and Umberto Lenzi's cannibal film Eaten Alive! (1980). In the mid-1980s, after two soft-core erotic films directed by Joe D'Amato and because of drug problems and pregnancy, she accepted starring in pornographic magazines and in a hard-core film, Non stop... sempre buio in sala.[1][2]  Her film career ended in September 1985 when she was arrested for possession and trafficking of drugs.[3]  This article about an Italian actor or actress is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Robin Hood: the Invincible Archer (1970) A.A.A. Massaggiatrice bella presenza offresi... (1972) - Cristina Graziani Donnez-nous notre amour quotidien (1973) - Beatrice Women in Cell Block 7 (1973) - 'Mammasantissima' lover Ricco the Mean Machine (1973) - Concetta Aversi Servo suo (1973) Story of a Cloistered Nun (1973) - Michela The Flower with the Petals of Steel (1973) - Daniela Provaci anche tu Lionel (1973) The Killer Reserved Nine Seats (1974) - Lynn Davenant Madeleine, anatomia di un incubo (1974) - Mary L'erotomane (1974) - Onorevole Belloni Un amour comme le nôtre (1974) - Béatrice Zig Zig (1975) - Madame Bruyère Salon Kitty (1976) - Marika Càlamo (1976) - Serena Like Rabid Dogs (1976) - Germana Emanuelle in America (1977) - Laura Elvize Il ginecologo della mutua (1977) - Pamela Oil! (1977) - Diana Astor Impossible Love (1977) - Rosa Nenè (1977) - Ju and Pa's Mother La mujer de la tierra caliente (1978) - Ángela Bersaglio altezza uomo (1978) - La pupa dei gangsters Night Nurse (1979) - Zaira Where Can You Go Without the Little Vice? (1979) - Simona Images in a Convent (1979) - Isabella Don't Trust the Mafia (1979) - Paulette Maurice Action (1980) - Ann Shimpton Eaten Alive! (1980) - Diana La settimana al mare (1981) - Margareth La dottoressa preferisce i marinai (1981) - Paola Ti spacco il muso, bimba! (1982) - Lidia Malombra (1984) - Carlotta / Marco's aunt Maladonna (1984) - Maria / Osvaldo's Wife Non stop sempre buio in sala (1985) La sfida erotica (1986) Penombra (1987) - Maria / Carlotta (final film role)"
Henry Panion;" Henry Panion, III is an American composer, arranger, conductor, educator, and Professor in the Department of Music at the University of Alabama at Birmingham.  Panion has produced, arranged  and conducted for a number of noted artists, such as Stevie Wonder, The Winans, Chet Atkins, Ellis Marsalis, Jr. with the SuperJazz Big Band, Eugenia Zukerman, Aretha Franklin, The Blind Boys of Alabama, Chaka Khan, the Lionel Hampton Orchestra, and American Idol winners Carrie Underwood and Ruben Studdard.  Panion founded the UAB Recording Studio, where award-winning recordings by such groups as the UAB Gospel Choir and the UAB Jazz Ensemble have been produced.  Panion received the Civic and Cultural Advancement Award from the Congressional Black Caucus Sept. 25, 2009 at the Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center in Washington, D.C.source  Stevie Wonder.  "Natural Wonder" (1995)  Arranged and conducted by Henry Panion. Ellis Marsalis and the SuperJazz Big Band.  "UAB SuperJazz, Featuring Ellis Marsalis" (2001)  Co-produced by Henry Panion and UAB Jazz Ensemble Director Ray Reach, recorded at the Alys Stephens Center. Ruben Studdard.  "The Return" (2006) Produced, arranged, orchestrated and conducted by Henry Panion. Jonathan Butler and Juanita Bynum with the Gospel Goes Classical Orchestra. "Gospel Goes Classical" (2006).  Produced by Henry Panion.  Arrangements by Henry Panion, Michael Loveless and Ray Reach.  #2 Gospel Album in the US.  #3 in the Billboard Classical Crossover category. Annetta Nunn (Birmingham Police Chief) "Gospel In Blues" (2007).  Produced by Henry Panion.  Horn arrangements by Ray Reach. Henry Panion official website ISNI 1 1 VIAF 1 1 WorldCat United States"
Sonic Temple Art & Music Festival;"   Sonic Temple Art & Music Festival is a rock festival held in Columbus, Ohio, United States.[2]  In 2018 it was announced that Rock on the Range would be replaced by Danny Wimmer Presents as the Sonic Temple Art & Music Festival.[3] The inaugural festival was held in May 2019 with sold-out crowds of 120,000.[4]  In December 2019, the full lineup for Sonic Temple 2020 was revealed. Metallica were to headline both Friday and Saturday night, with Slipknot headlining on Saturday. Other performers were to include Deftones, Bring Me the Horizon, Evanescence, Sublime with Rome, Rancid, Dropkick Murphys, Cypress Hill, Pennywise, Royal Blood, The Pretty Reckless, Alter Bridge, Anthrax, Flatbush Zombies, Pop Evil, Hellyeah, Ghostemane, Suicidal Tendencies, Testament, Dance Gavin Dance, Ice Nine Kills, Sleeping with Sirens, The Darkness, Knocked Loose, Code Orange, Power Trip, Saint Asonia, Dirty Honey, Jinjer, City Morgue, Bones UK, Airbourne, Fire from the Gods, Dinosaur Pile-Up, Des Rocs, Counterfeit, Crobot, Cherry Bomb, DED, Goodbye June, Brutus, 3Teeth, BRKN Love, Killstation, Brass Against, Crown Lands, Ego Kill Talent, Dregg, Bloodywood, and Zero 9:36, with more to have been announced.[5]  In February 2020, it was announced that Metallica would be replaced as headliners by the Red Hot Chili Peppers and Tool, following frontman James Hetfield's entrance into a rehabilitation program for substance abuse.[6] The following month, the festival was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.[7][better source needed] In February 2021, it was announced it would once again be cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.[8] No further announcements were made and an event was again not held in 2022.  In November 2022, it was announced that after a three-year hiatus due to the pandemic, Sonic Temple would return and be held during the 2023 Memorial Day weekend from May 25–28.[9]  [10]  Day one (Friday, May 17)  Monster Energy Stadium Stage:  Echo Stage:  Wave Stage:  SiriusXM Comedy & Spoken Word Tent:    Day two (Saturday, May 18)  Monster Energy Stadium Stage:  Echo Stage:  Wave Stage:  SiriusXM Comedy & Spoken Word Tent:    Day three (Sunday, May 19)  Monster Energy Stadium Stage:  Echo Stage:  Wave Stage:  SiriusXM Comedy & Spoken Word Tent:    System of a Down Ghost Halestorm Parkway Drive Beartooth Avatar Badflower Meshuggah Black Label Society Bad Wolves Zeal & Ardor Wage War SHVPES The Jacks Tom Morello Pussy Riot Ho99o99 Cleopatrick Hands Like Houses Radattack Henry Rollins Tom Morello Shapel Lacy Nadya Disturbed Papa Roach Lamb of God In This Moment Gojira Fever 333 Black Coffee The Cult Killswitch Engage Architects The Black Dahlia Murder While She Sleeps Evan Konrad The Plot in You Action Bronson (did not perform due to an "unforeseen knee injury")[11] Mark Lanegan Band Don Broco Movements Boston Manor No1Cares Andrew Dice Clay Eleanor Kerrigan Mark Normand Craig Grass Foo Fighters Bring Me the Horizon (did not perform due to high winds)[12] Chevelle (did not perform due to high winds) The Distillers (did not perform due to high winds) The Struts The Glorious Sons Amigo the Devil Joan Jett and the Blackhearts The Hives (performance ended early due to high winds) The Interrupters Yungblud Palaye Royale Dirty Honey Teenage Wrist Scars on Broadway (did not perform due to high winds) Refused (did not perform due to high winds) Black Pistol Fire (did not perform due to high winds) Basement (did not perform due to high winds) Scarlxrd (did not perform due to high winds) Demob Happy (did not perform due to high winds) Pauly Shore (did not perform due to high winds) Carmen Lynch (did not perform due to high winds) Joe Deuce (did not perform due to high winds) Bill Squire (did not perform due to high winds)"
Fur Rendezvous Festival;" The Fur Rendezvous Festival (usually called Fur Rendezvous, Fur Rondy, or simply Rondy) is an annual winter festival held in Anchorage, Alaska in late February. The self-styled "largest winter festival in North America", Fur Rendezvous is highly anticipated by many Anchorage-area residents as marking the beginning of the end of a long winter and the approach of spring. In 2012, Fur Rendezvous was selected as the number one winter carnival in the world by the National Geographic Traveler. [1]  The name "Fur Rendezvous" derives from swap meets at which fur trappers would gather to sell their winter harvests. In early Anchorage, these usually took place in mid-February.  In 1935, Anchorage had a population of only about 3,000 and was very isolated, so to bring the community together and lift spirits, resident Vern Johnson organized a three-day sports tournament, called the Winter Sports Carnival, timed to coincide with the rendezvous, which brought increased activity. As the fur trade was then the second-largest industry in Alaska, folding it into the event seemed natural, and it was renamed the Winter Sports Tournament and Fur Rendezvous from 1937, and later just Fur Rendezvous.  It was common for miners and trappers to have beards in the early days, so a "law" was even made that all men had to grow beards for this event or suffer a fine!  This was considered to be part of the fun, because most men participated in it.  Fur Rendezvous was canceled during the war years, but resumed in 1946, when the festival began to draw visitors from Outside, and has been held every year since. Since 1955 the event has been run by the non-profit Greater Anchorage, Inc.  Traditionally Fur Rendezvous lasted ten days, but since 2004 it has extended through early March, in order to lead into the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race and draw more visitors.  2021 will see a modified festival, but the Open World Championship Sled Dog Race will be on hiatus until 2022.  The original Winter Sports Carnival included skiing, hockey, basketball, boxing, and a sled dog race for children, as well as a bonfire and torchlight parade. Modern Rondy has well over 100 events, some of the more significant include:  Many events tend toward the whimsical, such as the Outhouse Races (in which teams build outhouses and pull them on skis with a rider inside), ice bowling, or even snowshoe softball matches. Others focus on Alaska Native culture, such as the Multi-Tribal Gathering and Charlotte Jensen Native Arts Market.  Since 1939, promotional pins have been created and sold each year to raise money for the event. These pins have become popular collectibles, and older or rare pins can sell well in excess of $100. The Kiwanis Club of Anchorage nee  University Kiwanis Club sells pins and booster buttons dressed as Keystone Cops for the duration of the festival. During the parade the Keystone Cops, or "Rondy Kops," playfully detain attendees in a mobile jail until pins or buttons are purchased in exchange for their release.  Coordinates: 61°13′06″N 149°53′23″W﻿ / ﻿61.21833°N 149.88972°W﻿ / 61.21833, -149.88972  Rondy Grand Prix - The Oldest Street Race in the U.S. Official Fur Rondy Fur Auction - the descendant of the original fur trade rendezvous, present since the earliest days. Miners' and Trappers' Charity Ball and Mr. Fur Face beard contest (since 1950) - Beards are grown as long as possible and they are dyed, decorated and shaped for this contest. World Championship Sled Dog Race (since 1946, with a women's race since 1953) -  This three-day, 75-mile sled dog race brings mushers from across Alaska and the world. However, it is sometimes canceled in recent years due to warm weather, with the most recent cancellation being in 2006. World Championship Dog Weight Pull (since 1967) - sled dogs attempt to pull the greatest weight Miss Fur Rendezvous pageant (from at least late 1950s [1] through mid 1970s [2]), also called Miss Fur Rondy Snow Sculpture Competition Fur Rondy Carnival Frostbite Footrace - Costumed competitors run through downtown Anchorage Rondy Grand Parade Running of the Reindeer - a whimsical annual event, started in 2008, that sends "herds" of people running down a four-block downtown street, with a group of reindeer released behind them, charging through the runners in a spoof of Pamplona's Running of the Bulls.[2] Rondy on Ice - figure skating show World Ice Bowling Championships"
List of Kannada films of the 1950s;"     The list of Kannada feature films released by the Kannada film Industry located in Bangalore, Karnataka in the 1950s.  v t e Kannada cinema Kannada cinema database by University of Pennsylvania Kannada Movies of the 1950s at the Internet Movie Database v t e"
Rene Paul Chambellan;" Rene Paul Chambellan (September 15, 1893 – November 29, 1955) was an American sculptor who specialized in architectural sculpture.  He was also one of the foremost practitioners of what was then called the "French Modern Style" and has subsequently been labeled Zig-Zag Moderne, or Art Deco. He also frequently designed in the Greco Deco style.[citation needed]  Chambellan was born in West Hoboken, New Jersey (now part of Union City, New Jersey).[1][2] He studied at New York University from 1912 to 1914, in Paris at the Beaux-Arts Institute of Design from 1914 to 1917 and the Académie Julian[3] (1918-1919), as well as with sculptor Solon Borglum in New York City.[2]  During the First World War, he was a sergeant in France with the U.S. Army.[2]  A resident of Cliffside Park, New Jersey, Chambellan died in a nursing home in Jersey City, New Jersey.[1]  One of Chambellan's designs (building boss)[further explanation needed]  Rene Paul Chamberlain's work graces the Sterling Memorial Library at Yale.  World War II Memorial, Midland, Michigan  One of several promenade fountains at Rockefeller Center  Notes  Bibliography  1922-1926 – Russell Sage Foundation Building, Grosvenor Atterbury architect, (now Sage House), 122-130 East 22nd Street, New York City[4] 1923-1924 – American Radiator Building, Howels & Hood and André Fouilhoux architects, NYC[5][6] 1925 – Chicago Tribune Building, Raymond Hood architect, Chicago, Illinois 1927 – Sterling Memorial Library, James Gamble Rogers architect, Yale University, New Haven, Connecticut 1927-1929 – Williamsburgh Savings Bank Tower, Robert Helmer of Halsey, McCormack and Helmer, architects, Brooklyn 1928 – New York Life Building, Cass Gilbert architect, NYC 1929 – Chanin Building, Sloan & Robertson architects, NYC 1930 – Daily News Building, Raymond Hood architect, NYC 1931 – Buffalo City Hall, Deitel, & Wade architects, Buffalo, New York c.1932 – New York State Office Building, Albany, New York 1939 – Manhattan Criminal Courthouse (100 Centre Street), Harvey Wiley Corbett and Charles B. Meyers architects, NYC 1939[7] 1940 – Airlines Building, John B. Peterkin architect, NYC[8] 1948 – Firestone Memorial Library, O’Connor & Kilham architects, Princeton University, Princeton, New Jersey Queens County Hospital, NYC Naval Hospital, Beaufort, South Carolina 1921 – John Newbery Medal c.1928 Series of five designs in cast-iron depicting historic New York City seals, for the Miller Elevated Highway[9] 1929 – Bronze Doors, East New York Savings Bank, Holmes & Winslow architects, Brooklyn, New York c.1930s Tritons, Nereids and Dolphins, Rockefeller Center, NYC 1937 – Bronze Doors, Hirons & Woolwine architects, Davidson County Courthouse, Nashville, Tennessee 1940 – John Bates Clark Medal for American Economic Association[10] c.1950 World War II Monument, Midland, Michigan    One of Chambellan's designs (building boss)[further explanation needed]       Rene Paul Chamberlain's work graces the Sterling Memorial Library at Yale.       World War II Memorial, Midland, Michigan       One of several promenade fountains at Rockefeller Center   "
Wilhelm von Debschitz;"   Wilhelm  Siegfried Kurt von Debschitz (21 February 1871 – 10 March 1948) was a German painter, interior designer, craftsman, art teacher and founding director of an influential art school in Munich.  He was born on 21 February 1871 in Görlitz, Germany to a family from the nobility of Upper Lusatia, his parents were the Prussian lieutenant general Kolmar von Debschitz (1809–1878) and Pauline von der Borne (1830–1912).[citation needed] He initially sought to follow in his father's footsteps by pursuing a military career as a Prussian officer cadet, but abandoned this and went to live in Munich from 1891. He elected instead to follow an artistic career, inspired by the drawings of Heinrich Knirr and an unknown painter, probably Heinrich Nauen. In 1898 he married Wanda von Kunowski, who was to become a prominent portrait photographer.[1] They had three children between 1899–1903.[2] He exhibited his works in 1899 at the Bayerischer Kunstgewerbe-Verein [de] and in 1901 at Munich's inaugural Ausstellung für Kunst im Handwerk.[3]  In January 1902, Debschitz and his colleague, Swiss Jugendstil sculptor Hermann Obrist, co-founded the "Lehr- und Versuchsatelier für angewandte und freie Kunst" (Instructional and Trial Workshops for Applied and Fine Art), the so-called Debschitz School (Debschitz-Schule) which was active until 1914.[1][4] Obrist focused on training sculptors, while Debschitz focused on the artists and management of the school. He took over the full management of the school following Obrist's departure in 1904, promoting artistic developments in a number of spheres, including commercial commissions, furniture design and metal, textile and ceramic works.[5]  The school began with only six pupils[6] but proved highly influential, training important artists such as Ernst Ludwig Kirchner and Sophie Taeuber-Arp. Paul Klee also worked there for a time as an assistant in the figure-drawing course.[7] By 1910 the school had become the largest private institution of its kind in Germany.[6] It was to provide a model for the later Bauhaus,[7] whose founder Walter Gropius stayed in touch with Debschitz and visited the school on at least one occasion.[8]  Poor health forced Debschitz to step away from managing the school in 1910–11 and 1913.[5] He joined the Deutscher Werkbund, a German association of artists, architects, designers, and industrialists, in 1912. He handed over management of the school permanently in July 1914, leaving it in the hands of a consortium comprising Emil Preetorius [de], Paul Renner (a former pupil at the school) and Hans Cornelius.[5] From 1914 to 1921 he worked as the director of Hanover's Kunstgewerbeschule- und Handwerkerschule. He was a co-founder of the Kestnergesellschaft there.[6] In 1922 he moved to the Black Forest town of Bernau im Schwarzwald, where he focused on textile design and the chipboard industry. Two years later his marriage with von Kunowski broke up and they were divorced in July 1924, later that year he married Hedwig Naumann in Lüneburg, Lower Saxony.[1]  Illness in the last few years of his life led him to live at Lüne Abbey in Lüneburg, where he died in 1948.[5] "
Linda M. Field;"  Linda M. Field FRES FRSB is a British scientist noted for her work on the insecticide mode of action and resistance.[1]  Field was awarded a PhD on the molecular basis of insecticide resistance at Rothamsted Research in 1989. She became leader of the Insect Molecular Biology Group at Rothamsted in 2002, and then Head of the Department of Biological Chemistry in 2010 (now Biointeractions and Crop Protection, BCP).[2]  Since 2005, she has also been a Special Professor at the University of Nottingham. Field is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Biology and a Fellow of the Royal Entomological Society. She was also President of the Royal Entomological Society from 2008–2010.  Lin Field received a BA (First Class) from the Open University in 1986. She later received a Ph.D entitled "The Molecular Genetic Basis of Insecticide Resistance in the Peach-Potato Aphid, Myzus persicae" in 1989.    This article about a biologist from the United Kingdom is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Honorary Professor University of Nottingham[3] Fellow of the Royal Society of Biology[3] Fellow of the Royal Entomological Society[3] Honorary Editorial Officer, Royal Entomological Society[4] Previous President, Royal Entomological Society[5] Member of Editorial Board for Insect Molecular Biology[3] Member Science about Science Plant Science Panel[3]"
The Secret History of the Mongols;" The Secret History of the Mongols (Middle Mongol:  Mongɣol‑un niɣuca tobciyan, Traditional Mongolian: ᠮᠣᠩᠭᠣᠯ ᠤᠨᠨᠢᠭᠤᠴᠠᠲᠣᠪᠴᠢᠶ᠎ᠠ, Khalkha Mongolian: Монголын нууц товчоо, Mongolyn nuuts tovchoo [note 1], Chinese: 《蒙古秘史》, pinyin: Měnggǔ Mìshǐ, lit. 'Mongol Secret History') is the oldest surviving literary work in the Mongolian language. It was written for the Mongol royal family some time after the 1227 death of Genghis Khan (born Temujin). The author is anonymous and probably originally wrote in the Mongolian script, but the surviving texts all derive from transcriptions or translations into Chinese characters that date from the end of the 14th century and were compiled by the Ming dynasty under the title The Secret History of the Yuan Dynasty (Chinese: 《元朝秘史》, pinyin: Yuáncháo Mìshǐ). Also known as Tobchiyan (Chinese: 脫必赤顏, pinyin: Tuōbìchìyán or 脫卜赤顏, Tuōbǔchìyán) in the History of Yuan.  The Secret History is regarded as the single most significant native Mongolian account of Genghis Khan. Linguistically, it provides the richest source of pre-classical Mongolian and Middle Mongolian.[2] The Secret History is regarded as a piece of classic literature in both Mongolia and the rest of the world.  The work begins with a semi-mythical genealogy of Genghis Khan (also called Temüjin). According to legend a blue-grey wolf and a fallow doe begat the first Mongol, named Batachiqan. Eleven generations after Batachiqan, a widow named Alan Gua was abandoned by her in-laws and left with her two boys Bügünütei and Belgünütei. She then bore three more sons with a supernatural glowing man who came in through the smoke-hole at the top of the tent. The youngest of Alan Gua’s three divinely-born children was Bodonchar, founder of the Borjigin.[3] The description of Temüjin's life begins with the kidnapping of his mother, Hoelun, by his father Yesügei. It then covers Temüjin's early life following his birth around 1160, the difficult times after the murder of his father, and the many conflicts against him, wars, and plots before he gains the title of Genghis Khan (Universal Ruler) in 1206. The latter parts of the work deal with the campaigns of conquest of Genghis and his third son Ögedei throughout Eurasia, the text ends with Ögedei's reflections on what he did well and what he did wrong. It relates how the Mongol Empire was created.  It contains 12 chapters:  Several passages of the Secret History appear in slightly different versions in the 17th-century Mongolian chronicle Altan Tobchi ("Golden Summary").  Scholars of Mongolian history consider the text hugely important for the wealth of information it contains on the ethnography, language, literature and varied aspects of the Mongol culture.[4][5] In terms of its value to the field of linguistic studies, it is considered unique among the Mongol texts as an example free from the influence of Buddhism prevalent in later texts. It is especially valued for its vivid and realistic depictions of daily tribal life and organization of Mongol civilization in the 12th and 13th centuries, complementing other primary sources available in the Persian and Chinese languages.[6]  Its value as a historically accurate source is more controversial: whereas some experts, such as René Grousset, assess it positively in this regard as well, others, such as Igor de Rachewiltz, believe that the value of the source lies primarily in its "faithful description of Mongol tribal life",[5] and Arthur Waley even claimed that the Secret History's "historical value [is] almost nil".[7]  The only surviving copies of the work are transcriptions of the original Mongolian text with Chinese characters, accompanied by a (somewhat shorter) in-line glossary and a translation of each section into Chinese. In China, the work had been well known as a text for teaching Chinese to read and write Mongolian during the Ming dynasty, and the Chinese translation was used in several historical works, but by the 1800s, copies had become very rare.  Baavuday Tsend Gun (1875–1932) was the first Mongolian scholar to transcribe The Secret History of the Mongols into modern Mongolian, in 1915–17. The first to discover the Secret History for the West and offer a translation from the Chinese glossary was the Russian sinologist Palladiy Kafarov in 1866. The first translations from the reconstructed Mongolian text were done by the German sinologist Erich Haenisch (edition of the reconstructed original text: 1937, of the translation: 1941, second edition 1948) and Paul Pelliot (ed. 1949).  Tsendiin Damdinsüren translated the chronicle into Khalkha Mongolian in 1947. B. I. Pankratov published a translation into Russian in 1962.[8]  Arthur Waley published a partial translation of the Secret History, but the first full translation into English was by Francis Woodman Cleaves, The Secret History of the Mongols: For the First Time Done into English out of the Original Tongue and Provided with an Exegetical Commentary.[9] The archaic language adopted by Cleaves was not satisfying to all and, between 1972 and 1985, Igor de Rachewiltz published a fresh translation in eleven volumes of the series Papers on Far Eastern History accompanied by extensive footnotes commenting not only on the translation but also various aspects of Mongolian culture. (Brill Publishers released de Rachewiltz' edition as a two-volume set in 2003.) In 2015, de Rachewiltz published an open access version of his previous translation, The Secret History of the Mongols: A Mongolian Epic Chronicle of the Thirteenth Century, that is a full translation but omits the extensive footnotes of his previous translations.[5] The Secret History of the Mongols has been published in translation in over 30 languages by researchers.[citation needed]  In 2004 the Government of Mongolia decreed that the copy of The Secret History of the Mongols covered with golden plates was to be located to the rear part of the Government building.[10]  Temüjin's origin and childhood. Temüjin's teenage years. Temujin destroys the Merkit and takes the title Genghis Khan. Genghis Khan struggles against Jamukha and Tayichiud. Genghis Khan destroys the Tatars and tangles with Ong Khan Destruction of the Khereid The fate of Ong Khan Escape of Kuchlug and a defeat of Jamukha. Establishment of the empire and imperial guard. Conquest of the Uyghur and forest peoples. Conquest of the Jin dynasty, the Western Xia, Persia, Baghdad and Russia Temüjin's death and Ögedei's reign."
Enfield, Illinois;" Enfield is a village in White County, Illinois, United States. The population was 596 at the 2010 census.  Enfield is located at 38°5′54″N 88°20′26″W﻿ / ﻿38.09833°N 88.34056°W﻿ / 38.09833, -88.34056 (38.098346, -88.340684).[2]  According to the 2010 census, Enfield has a total area of 1.19 square miles (3.08 km2), all land.[3]  As of the 2000 United States Census,[5] there were 625 people, 262 households, and 157 families residing in the village. The population density was 538.8 inhabitants per square mile (208.0/km2). There were 293 housing units at an average density of 252.6 per square mile (97.5/km2). The racial makeup of the village was 98.56% White, 0.16% African American, 0.32% Native American, 0.16% Asian, 0.16% from other races, and 0.64% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.16% of the population.  There were 262 households, out of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were married couples living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.7% were non-families. 34.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.79.  In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.8% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 22.2% from 25 to 44, 25.3% from 45 to 64, and 25.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 77.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.2 males.  The median income for a household in the village was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $34,125. Males had a median income of $31,042 versus $17,500 for females. The per capita income for the village was $13,455. About 17.4% of families and 24.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 32.5% of those under age 18 and 12.0% of those age 65 or over.  Lefty Jamerson, pitcher for the Boston Red Sox The Enfield Monster"
Severin na Kupi;" Severin na Kupi is a village in Croatia. It is part of Vrbovsko in Primorje-Gorski Kotar County. It is connected by the D3 highway.    This Primorje-Gorski Kotar County geography article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Blagnac;" Blagnac (French pronunciation: ​[blaɲak], Occitan: Blanhac) is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France. The city hosts the aviation museum Aeroscopia.  It is the third-largest suburb of the city of Toulouse, although governed by a separate council,[3] and is adjacent to it on the northwest side. It is a member of the Toulouse Métropole.  The river Touch forms part of the commune's southern border, then flows into the Garonne, which forms all of its eastern border.  38% percent of the area is made up of green spaces, mainly along the river Garonne and in parks.[4]  Airbus and ATR have their head offices in Blagnac.[7][8][9]  Blagnac has a student capacity of 5,500 in seven nurseries (écoles maternelles), five primary schools, two high schools/junior high schools (collèges), one sixth form college/senior high school (lycée), and a private school.[10]  Public secondary schools:[11]  The private school is Établissement Le Ferradou, serving primary through senior high.[11]  The European aircraft manufacturer Airbus has also one of its eight worldwide training centres : Airbus Training Centre Europe.  Local transport is operated by Tisséo. Buses 70 and 71 run to Jeanne d'Arc (connection with Line B of the Toulouse Metro) and bus 66 runs to St Cyprien République (connection with Line A), both in the city centre. Bus 25 circles the suburb and stops at the Airport, and bus 17 connects Blagnac to Mondonville, toward the northwest. A shuttlebus (navette) connects the Airport to the city centre.[12] A new tramway now operates southwards to the Toulouse Arènes station where it connects with Line A of the Metro.   On 10 November 2017 a man drove into three students, aged between 22 and 23, outside their college.  One was in a serious condition. It was thought the driver was suffering from major psychological problems.  A public prosecutor at the time said there was no evidence the attack was linked to terrorism.[13]   This Haute-Garonne geographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Collège Mermoz Collège Henry-Guillaume Lycée Saint-Exupéry France portal Toulouse Blagnac International Airport Blagnac SCR Blagnac FC Communes of the Haute-Garonne department"
Kōchi Literary Museum;"   Kōchi Literary Museum (高知県立文学館, Kōchi Kenritsu Bungaku-kan) opened in the grounds of Kōchi Castle, Kōchi, Kōchi Prefecture, Japan in 1997. It is dedicated to the men of letters and literary life of the area from Tosa Nikki, through locally born Five Mountains master Gidō Shūshin, up until today.[1][2][3]    This article related to a museum in Japan is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Kōchi Castle Museum of History Yoshii Isamu Memorial Museum The Museum of Art, Kōchi"
Commonwealth Commuter Flight 317;" Commonwealth Commuter Flight 317 was a scheduled commuter flight from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania to Johnstown, Pennsylvania, operated by Air East. On January 6, 1974, while on approach to Johnstown–Cambria County Airport, the Beechcraft Model 99A operating the flight crashed short of the runway after it failed to maintain flying speed and made a premature descent below the safe approach slope for undetermined reasons.[1] Of the 15 passengers and two crew members on board, 11 passengers and the aircraft captain were killed.[2]  Flight 317 took off from Pittsburgh International Airport at about 6:30 p.m. on January 6, 1974 on a regularly scheduled commuter flight to Johnstown.[3] There were 15 passengers aboard. The flight's captain, Daniel Brannon, 39, had accumulated 6,331 flight hours, including 383 hours in the Beechcraft 99A, the first officer, Gerald Knouff, 24, had accumulated 1790 flight hours, including 380 hours in the Beechcraft 99A. Both pilots had been hired by Air East in July 1973, approximately six months before the accident.[4]  At around 7:05 p.m., while on approach to Runway 33 at Johnstown–Cambria County Airport in Richland Township, the plane descended below the lowest safe approach slope, then stalled, at which point the pilots lost control.[1] The plane clipped the top of a bank of elevated approach lights, soared over a highway (U.S. Route 219) and, while in a nose-up, wings-level attitude, slammed into the top of a steep embankment approximately 100 yards short of the runway. "It was a matter of five feet, and he would have been clear," Warren Krise, an Air East official, said afterward.  The plane pancaked on impact and was torn apart. The underside of the fuselage was crushed upward, the top of the passenger cabin collapsed downward, and the cabin walls were forced outward. "The nose was thrown 50-75 yards from impact, the wings were nearly shorn from the fuselage and the tail section was severed completely," a contemporary news report said. The floor structure and seat tracks were destroyed, all of the seatbelts remained intact, but their floor anchorages were destroyed. Although spilled aviation fuel soaked the wreckage and many of the passengers, there was no fire.[2][4]  Both pilots were thrown from the aircraft when it tore apart. Brannon was killed, Knouff was hospitalized in critical condition, and survived. 10 of the 15 passengers aboard were killed instantly, and another died later at a local hospital, bringing the total death toll to 12. The four surviving passengers were all seriously injured, two of them remained hospitalized for more than two months after the crash.[4][5] National Transportation Safety Board investigators noted that six of the plane's 17 occupants, including both pilots, were thrown clear of the plane through the opening left by the severed nose section, the first officer and one passenger were the only survivors among those six. The remaining 11 passengers, including the three other survivors, were trapped in the wreckage.[4]  Four young men passing by on the highway discovered the wreckage of Flight 317 at around 7:15 p.m., approximately 10 minutes after the crash, but the crash was not noticed within the airport for several minutes afterward. After the air traffic controller sent his last transmission to the flight, he attended to other duties. Some time later, after an Air East ramp agent asked if the controller had been communicating with the flight, the controller tried without success to reestablish communications with the flight. The Air East ramp agent then got into his car and began a search of the airfield. As he drove along the runway, he encountered a young man, one of the four passers-by who'd found the wreckage, who informed him that a plane had crashed near the end of the runway. The ramp agent drove back to the terminal and informed the controller, who notified the police department. The first rescue vehicle arrived on the scene at around 7:55 p.m.[4]  The aircraft involved in the accident, registration N125AE, was a Beechcraft Model 99A owned by Allegheny Airlines and operated by Air East under Allegheny Airlines' Commonwealth Commuter trademark.[3] It was powered by two Pratt & Whitney Canada PT6 aircraft engines, made its first flight in 1969 and had seen a total of 7,503 flight hours before the crash.[1]  The airplane was destroyed in the crash.[1]  The National Transportation Safety Board investigated the crash.  Knouff told investigators that Brannon had been a "perfectionist" who "went by the book in everything he did," but added that, during previous flights together, he'd noticed that Brannon had developed a habit of making landing approaches at slower-than-prescribed airspeeds – airspeeds "as low as 93 or 95 KIAS." When asked if Brannon had used that technique on the night of the accident, Knouff replied, "He could have been. I don't recall if he was or not, but possibly."  The National Transportation Safety Board concluded that the crash was caused by "a premature descent below a safe approach slope followed by a stall and loss of aircraft control." Although the reason for the premature descent could not be determined, investigators concluded it was probably the result of either "a deliberate descent below the published minimum descent altitude to establish reference with the approach lights and make the landing," "a visual impairment or optical illusion created by the runway/approach lighting systems," and/or "downdrafts near the approach end of the runway."[1]  The crash directly led to the end of Air East, the operator of the flight. On March 7, 1974, the Federal Aviation Administration revoked Air East's operator's certificate and ordered the airline to immediately halt all operations, charging Air East with using unqualified pilots and mechanically unsafe aircraft.[5] An FAA spokesman said the shutdown order stemmed from an investigation into Air East's operations and records in the aftermath of the crash.[5]  The shutdown order stated in part: "By reason of numerous violations, unsafe practices, policies, and coercing tactics... Air East, Inc., has demonstrated that it does not possess the judgement, responsibility or compliance disposition required of a holder of an air taxi commercial operators certificate."[5] "
What Does It Take (To Keep a Man Like You Satisfied);" "What Does It Take (To Keep a Man Like You Satisfied)" is a song written by Jim Glaser, that was recorded and released as a single in 1967 by American country artist, Skeeter Davis. Jim Glaser was a member of the popular country music group, Tompall and the Glaser Brothers.  "What Does It Take (To Keep a Man Like You Satisfied)" was recorded at the RCA Victor Studio in Nashville, Tennessee, United States on May 1, 1967, one month before it was released. The session was produced by Felton Jarvis.[1]  The song was released as a single officially in June 1967. "What Does It Take (To Keep a Man Like You Satisfied)" reached a peak of number five on the Billboard Magazine Hot Country Singles chart later that year. The single became Davis' first top-ten country hit in three years since 1964's "Gonna Get Along Without You Now" reached number eight. Additionally, "What Does It Take" was Davis' first entry onto the Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100 since 1965, reaching a peak of twenty-one. The song was eventually released onto a studio album of the same name.[2]    This 1960s country song-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Bullet strategy;" In finance, a bullet strategy is followed by a trader investing in intermediate-duration bonds, but not in long- and short-duration bonds.[1]  The bullet strategy is based on the acquisition of a number of different types of securities over an extended period of time, but with all the securities maturing around the same target date.[2] One of the main benefits of the bullet strategy is that it allows the investor to minimize the impact of fluctuations in the interest rate, while still realizing excellent returns on the investments.[3][4]  Bullet strategies are relatively simple to implement and construct. The first step is to determine at what point on the yield curve the series of investments should mature.[5] This will help lead to the incremental acquisition of additions to the portfolio that will reach maturity on the same target date. Staggering the acquisition dates of the assets means that the risk associated with interest rates is diluted. The investor is able to pick up good deals on various bonds and other securities along the way, arranging the maturities to coincide with the desired final date.   One of the advantages of the bullet strategy is that the investments are acquired and then set aside until the maturity date arrives. Of course, this means that the funds used to acquire the securities should not be used until the date of maturity. However, for people who are thinking in terms of creating a windfall in revenue at a given point in time, this approach is an excellent solution. The earnings realized from the bullet strategy may be used to make final payments on property, handle a balloon payment that is due, or fund a college education.   The bullet strategy can be composed of any number of different types of bonds and other securities. With no limit on the number of assets that can be employed as part of this investment scheme, it is possible for the investor to gradually accumulate all the assets needed to ensure the level of return that is desired at a certain point in time. Both small investors as well as investors who deal in major stocks and bonds can employ the bullet strategy, and create an attractive return for the investment.  By comparison, in a barbell strategy the maturity of the bonds included in the portfolio is concentrated at two extreme maturities, while in the strategy referred to as laddering or ladder strategy the portfolio is constructed to have approximately equal amounts of each maturity.[6][7]  This article about investment is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Barbell strategy Laddering"
Kim Byeong-gi (discus thrower);"   Kim Byeong-gi (born 13 February 1938) is a South Korean athlete. He competed in the men's discus throw at the 1964 Summer Olympics.[1]  This biographical article relating to South Korean athletics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Gainesville, New York;" Gainesville, New York may refer to:  Gainesville (town), New York, town in Wyoming County with population of >2,300 Gainesville (village), New York, village in Wyoming County with population of ~300 Gainesville (disambiguation)"
James Abree;"  James Abree (1691?–1768) was an 18th-century English printer, publisher, and bookseller.[1]  Abree was the son of William Abree of Winchester.[2]   He was apprenticed to the London printer Ichabod Dawkes from 1705 to 1712.[3] Abree moved to Canterbury in 1717, possibly at the invitation of the city authorities. He seems to have been the printer of Canterbury's first newspaper, the Kentish Post, founded in 1717. In 1722 he became a freeman of Canterbury and in the same year married Mary, the daughter of Samuel and Frances Simmons of Deal, (died 1748).[4] They had one child, a daughter also named Mary, who married Lieutenant Thomas Woolley Pickering R.N. in 1745.[2]  Besides his newspaper, Abree also printed books and ephemera such as bellman's verses and ballads, he also acted as an agent for the Sun Fire Office and no doubt sold stationery through his bookshop.[4]  At the end of his career, Abree took on an assistant, George Kirkby, son of a Canterbury vicar, who had been apprenticed to the London printer James Bettenham.  In 1768, the Kentish Post announced that Abree was planning to retire in favour of his assistant Kirkby. A rival paper was started by James Simmons and after a short circulation war, the two newspapers merged as the Kentish Gazette which is still published weekly in Canterbury (2011). The firm of Simmons and Kirkby remained in operation for 23 years after Abree's retirement.[4] "
Zhivko Zhelev;" Zhivko Dinchev Zhelev (Bulgarian: Живко Желев, born 23 July 1979 in Stara Zagora) is a retired Bulgarian football defender and currently coach of Yantra Gabrovo.  Zhelev joined Litex Lovech quite young but fought hard to get a place in the first team. He formed a formidable duet with ex-Bulgarian national defender Rosen Kirilov. However, due to a lack of strikers Zhelev was also used by managers to play as a striker for Litex and scored a lot of goals in this position. He is the defender who has scored the most goals in the whole history of Bulgarian football.[1]  He has been considered one of the favourite players by Litex fans, due to his dedicated and selfless manner of playing, and his loyalty to the club. He has been awarded the title "The best player of Litex" in 2006.  On 12 July 2007, Zhelev joined Romanian club Oţelul Galaţi for a fee of €125,000  On 8 November 2009, after a game against FC Timişoara, he and his teammate Stoyan Kolev decided to leave Oţelul because of the financial situation of the club.  "Coming to Steaua is a very important step in my career. I wanted to come to Steaua, because it is a very big club."  Zhivko Zhelev after the first training at Steaua.[2]   On 5 January 2010, Steaua and Oţelul agree Zhelev and Ochiroşii swap deal. On 10 January 2010, Steaua signed the Bulgarian centre-back on a free transfer until June 2011.  First match in Liga I for Steaua: 20 February 2010 • Steaua-Ceahlăul 1–3.  First goal in Liga I for Steaua: 25 April 2010 • Steaua-FC Timişoara 3–3.  In June 2010, Steaua has terminated the contract with Zhelev.  On 25 June 2010, Zhelev signed a one-year deal with the Azerbaijani football club Inter Baku.[3] Thus, he joins compatriot Petar Zlatinov in the club squad.  At the end of the 2010–11 season, Zhelev returned to Bulgaria and joined Slavia Sofia on a free transfer. He made his comeback league debut at the start of the 2011–12 season in a 1–0 defeat to Levski Sofia on 8 August. Zhelev was frozen out of the first team in October 2013 (after Asen Bukarev had been replaced as coach) and in December 2013 joined Vereya Stara Zagora in the third division of Bulgarian football.[4]  In March 2015, Zhelev took over from Radostin Kishishev as head coach of Vereya Stara Zagora. However, his assistant Vladislav Yanush was officially registered as the manager, as Zhelev had not yet obtained the coaching license to manage in the B PFG.[5]  In July 2016, Zhelev became the manager of Litex Lovech and coached them in the third tier of Bulgarian football.[6]  Bulgarian A Group: 1998–99 Bulgarian Cup (2): 2001, 2004 Third League: 2016–17"
Movement for a Europe of Liberties and Democracy;"   The Movement for a Europe of Liberties and Democracy (French: Mouvement pour l'Europe des libertés et de la démocratie), abbreviated to MELD, was a national-conservative[2] political party at European level founded in 2011, composed of parties belonging to the Europe of Freedom and Democracy (EFD) group in the European Parliament, with the notable absence of the UK Independence Party, which was a member of the EFD, but not of the MELD. In 2012, MELD received a grant from the European Parliament of €621,482.[3]  Its affiliated political foundation  was the Foundation for a Europe of Liberties and Democracy (FELD), which received a grant of €412,361.  Both were headquartered at 18, rue Cler, in Paris, France.[4] The president of the party was Jacek Wlosowicz.  MELD was dissolved in 2015 by the European Parliament due to misuse of EU funding.[5][6][7]  Politics of the European Union Political parties Elections  Denmark - Danish People's Party (joined Alliance of European Conservatives and Reformists)  Finland - Finns Party (joined Alliance of European Conservatives and Reformists)  Italy - Lega Nord (joined Movement for a Europe of Nations and Freedom)  Italy - I Love Italy  Lithuania - Order and Justice (joined Alliance for Direct Democracy in Europe)"
Joseph Ben Kaifala;" Joseph Ben Kaifala is a Sierra Leonean author, lawyer, historian and human rights activist. He set up the non-profit Jeneba Project, with the aim of providing education for underprivileged girls in Sierra Leone and the neighbouring countries of Guinea and Liberia,[1] and also co-founded the Sierra Leone Memory Project to help communities to cope with and heal from past trauma.[2][3]  Kaifala was born in Sierra Leone, where he was raised, as well as spending part of his early childhood in Liberia and Guinea.[4] Later moving to Norway, he studied at the Red Cross Nordic United World College (UWC Red Cross Nordic),[5] and subsequently enrolled at Skidmore College in New York, earning a BA in International Affairs & French, with a minor in Law & Society.[6][7] He holds a master's degree in International Relations from the Maxwell School at Syracuse University, studied International and Comparative Law at Vermont Law School, and is a member of the Washington, DC, bar association, among other qualifications.[8]  He went on to found the Jeneba Project, a non-profit organization with the focus of transforming the educational experience for girls in Sierra Leone, fostering intellectual growth and leadership skills that will "create ripples of social impact across communities".[9][10] Kaifala is also co-founder of the Sierra Leone Memory Project, an oral-history initiative dedicated to recording testimonies from survivors of the Sierra Leone Civil War.[11][12][13]  In 2016, he was shortlisted for the "Outlook Inspirations Awards", initiated to mark the 50th anniversary of the BBC World Service programme Outlook, and honouring people who "have shown real courage and inspiration".[14][15]  His published writings include Freed Slaves, Freetown, and the Sierra Leonean Civil War, about which Adam Hochschild said: "It's no easy feat to write a country's history in one book, especially when the nation involved has been through as much hope and as much suffering as Sierra Leone. But Joseph Kaifala has managed the job knowledgeably and skillfully, by focusing on key periods of his country's evolution. This is a first-rate guide to understanding the deep historical underpinnings of the challenges facing Sierra Leone today."[16] His memoir Adamalui: A Survivor's Journey from Civil Wars in Africa to Life in America (2018) has been listed as one of the "Best Sierra Leone Civil War Books of All Time".[17] Among his other publications are Tutu's Rainbow World: Selected Poems (2017)[18] and What I Think: Maxims of an African Philosopher.[19]  In 2021, Kaifala became the first Sierra Leonean to be honoured as a Ford Global Fellow.[20]  In 2022, he was appointed a writer-in-residence by the Library of Africa and the African Diaspora (LOATAD), based in Accra, Ghana,[21][22] the first Sierra Leonean to receive the honour.[23]  Free Slaves, Freetown, and the Sierra Leonean Civil War, Palgrave Macmillan, 2016, ISBN 978-1349948536 Adamalui: A Survivor's Journey from Civil Wars in Africa to Life in America, Turner, 2018, ISBN 978-1681626840"
Evan King;"   Evan King (born March 25, 1992) is an American professional tennis player.  King has a career high ATP singles ranking of world No. 185, achieved in April 2018. He also has a career high ATP doubles ranking of No. 113, achieved in February 2020. He has won ten doubles titles on the ATP Challenger Tour. On the ITF Pro Circuit, King has six career singles titles and 22 career doubles titles.  King holds the record for most combined career men's singles and doubles wins at the University of Michigan.  King was a three-time ITA All-American (2011, '12, '13), a two-time Big Ten Athlete of the Year (2012, '13), and a four-time All-Big Ten (2010, '11, '12, '13) player.  King made his ATP main-draw debut at the 2009 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships as a 17 year old.  At the 2021 US Open (tennis) he reached the third round of a Grand Slam for the first time in his career as a wildcard pair partnering fellow American Hunter Reese defeating ninth seeds Kubot/Melo in the first round[1] and then Krajicek/Inglot in the second.  King has played two seasons with World TeamTennis starting in 2018 when he debuted in the league with the Orange County Breakers. In 2019 he joined the expansion Orlando Storm for their inaugural season.[2] This year, it was announced that he will join his hometown expansion team the Chicago Smash during the 2020 season set to begin July 12.[3]  King paired up with Rajeev Ram multiple times throughout the 2020 season in men's doubles. The Smash were seeded second in the WTT Playoffs and defeated the Orlando Storm for a spot in the final, where they ultimately fell to the New York Empire. "
MilkShake;" MilkShake is a Thai pop girl group that formed under the HALO Society label in affiliation with GMM Grammy agency in 2015 in Bangkok, Thailand.  VIAF 1 1 WorldCat"
Auto Destruct;" Auto Destruct is a video game developed by the Swedish studio Neurostone and published by Electronic Arts. It was released for the PlayStation. The player takes on the role of a retired race car driver hunting down the fanatical cult which murdered his wife and daughter.[2] The music was composed by English electronic producer Danny Briottet.[citation needed]  The player takes control of a futuristic car in 3-D urban environments and must accomplish a series of missions.[3] Objectives vary widely, and include seek-and-destroy missions, escort missions, and taxicab driving.[3]  Auto Destruct saw a range of opinions from critics. Next Generation said that the game sets itself apart from other vehicular combat games with its variety of missions, the depth added by its resource management elements, and most especially its detailed and expansive 3D city environments, which give the player unprecedented freedom. They criticized that the graphics look like a first generation PlayStation game and the music and sound effects are generic, and concluded that the game is "a good ride, but it could have been much more."[12] Three of the four reviewers for Electronic Gaming Monthly similarly said that though the graphics have problems, the missions, resource management, and massive environments give Auto Destruct more depth and potentially more enjoyment than other vehicular combat games. They also praised the usefulness of the radar, and said the resources are balanced such that what the player needs is always just within reach, leaving only oneself to blame for failure. Only Shawn Smith deferred, saying the missions eventually start to all feel the same.[8] Joe Smith of GameSpot, however, gave the reverse opinion, saying the graphics outshine those of other vehicular combat games, but the mission-based format drags the game down by restricting players to a very specific set of actions rather than letting them do what they want. He found the missions repetitive as well.[10]  IGN's Adam Douglas shared Smith's opinion that the missions are unremarkable and repetitive, but agreed with other critics that the graphics are dated and unimpressive. However, he found the game enjoyable overall and gave it a mild recommendation: " It's not terribly original or exciting, but it gets the job done and is pretty entertaining to boot. If you're really into driving and shooting, give it a go. For anyone else, though, I'd suggest a rental session first."[11] GamePro found the game adequate in most respects, with the exception of the music, which they described as "monotonous droning". They said the variety of missions is the game's standout feature, and like IGN they suggested that fans of the genre buy it and those who are simply curious should rent it first.[15][b] The game held a 61% on the review aggregation website GameRankings based on five reviews.[4]  In a retrospective review for Allgame, Shawn Sackenheim declared that "Auto Destruct is an astoundingly mediocre game. While it doesn't really do anything wrong, it just seems uninspired and run of the mill." He elaborated that the graphics look like those of a 1995 game, the missions are uninspired and all feel the same, and the music and sound effects are average and standard.[5]  EU: December 1997 NA: 31 January 1998[1]"
Yew Chung International School of Qingdao;" Yew Chung International School of Qingdao (YCIS Qingdao, simplified Chinese: 青岛耀中国际学校, traditional Chinese: 青岛耀中國際學校) is an accredited K2-Year 13 international school for boys and girls in Qingdao, China.   The Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China has accredited the Yew Chung International School of Qingdao for the enrollment of children of foreign nationals. The bilingual (English and Mandarin) school serves students ages 2 to 18 (K2 to Year 13) and provides early childhood education or kindergarten, primary school education, and secondary school education.   YCIS Qingdao is part of the Yew Chung Foundation, which operates campuses in Shanghai, Beijing, Chongqing, Hong Kong, and California.  2006 – YCIS Qingdao is founded. 2008 – YCIS Qingdao raises relief donations for victims of the Sichuan earthquake, sparking the beginnings of the Seeds of Hope project. 2011 – YCIS Qingdao opens a 5-story, purpose-built campus in Huangdao District, Qingdao. 2016 – YCIS Qingdao is formally accredited by the Council of International Schools (CIS), the New England Association of Schools and Colleges (NEASC), and the National Centre for School Curriculum and Textbook Development (NCCT). 2016 – YCIS Qingdao becomes an IB Diploma Programme World School. Schools.ac http://www.schools.ac/1499-Yew-Chung-International-School-of-Qingdao-Qingdao-China.html Aoehome.com http://www.aoehome.com/school/other/Yew-Chung-International-School-of-Qingdao-2469 Qingdaonese http://www.qingdaonese.com/ycis-huangdao-opens-new-campus/ Yew Chung International School of Hong Kong Yew Chung International School of Shanghai Yew Chung International School of Beijing Yew Chung International School of Chongqing Yew Chung International School of Qingdao Yew Chung International School of Silicon Valley v t e See list of international schools in Beijing See list of international schools in Shanghai Chongqing Bachuan International High School Yew Chung International School of Chongqing International School of Tianjin TEDA International School Tianjin International School (MTI) Wellington College International Tianjin Tianjin Rego International School (CLOSED) Fuzhou Lakeside International School Manila Xiamen International School Xiamen International School The International School of Sanya Wuhan French International School Wuhan Yangtze International School Changsha WES Academy See list of international schools in Jiangsu Nanchang International School Deutsche Internationale Schule Changchun Changchun American International School Yanbian International Academy Yanbian Korean School Dalian Maple Leaf International School Japanese School of Dalian Dalian American International School Eaglebridge International School Shenyang Transformation International School Northeast Yucai School Deutsche Sektion)(*) Xining International Academy Xi'an Hanova International School Xi'an International School Malvern College Qingdao Qingdao Amerasia International School Qingdao International School International School of Qingdao (MTI) Qingdao No.1 International School of Shandong Province Yew Chung International School of Qingdao Korean School in Yantai Chengdu International School Chengdu Meishi International School Léman International School - Chengdu Malvern College Chengdu Oxford International College of Chengdu QSI International School of Chengdu Kunming International Academy Hangzhou International School Access International Academy Ningbo Ningbo Zhicheng School International Huamao Multicultural Education Academy"
David Fasken (cricketer);"   David Kenneth Fasken (23 March 1932 – 24 May 2006) was an English first-class cricketer and businessman. Fasken played first-class cricket for several teams between 1953–1962, though he played predominantly for Oxford University. After graduating from the University of Oxford, he became a director for the Earls Court and Olympia exhibition centres, helping them become world leading exhibition venues.  Fasken was born into a military family at Batu Gajah in British Malaya in March 1932.[1] His family moved back to England in 1937, where he attended the Dragon School at Oxford, before attending Wellington College.[1] From Wellington he went up to Trinity College, Oxford, where he studied languages.[1] He had debuted for Oxfordshire in minor counties cricket in the 1950 Minor Counties Championship.[2] While studying at Oxford he made his debut in first-class cricket for Oxford University against Lancashire at Oxford in 1953.[3] He played first-class cricket for Oxford until 1955, making 27 appearances and gaining a blue.[3][1] Playing as a right-arm medium-fast bowler, he took 58 wickets for the university at an average of 35.94, with best figures of 5 for 108 against the touring Australians in 1953.[4][5] With the bat he scored 403 runs with a high score of 61.[6] In addition to playing first-class cricket for Oxford University, Fasken also played three matches apiece for the Marylebone Cricket Club from 1956–59, and for the Free Foresters from 1959–62. He also played at first-class level for D. R. Jardine's XI and L. C. Stevens' XI.[3] He played his final minor counties match for Oxfordshire in 1955.[2]  After graduating from Oxford, Fasken decided not to take up a career as a cricketer, stating that "the life" never appealed to him.[1] Instead he took up a career managing exhibition centres, including Earls Court and Olympia, both of which he was Vice-President until his retirement in 1993.[1] During his tenure he helped Olympia to become one of the world's leading exhibition venues. He was also a major factor in the development of Earls Court Two in the late 1980s.[1] When he was 69 he was diagnosed with hydrocephalus, which required several shunts to slow the progression of the condition.[1] He spent four months in hospital with a kidney infection shortly before his death. He returned home for a month, but died on 24 May 2006, following a fall down the stairs at his home.[1] He was survived by his wife Susan of 38 years and their two children Joanna and Hugh and three grand-children.[1] "
Steen Christensen;" Steen Viktor Christensen (born 1964) is a Danish criminal, who was sentenced in Denmark in 1992 to twelve years in prison for numerous bank robberies, hostage taking, and rape.[1] In autumn 1997 Christensen was allowed to go on an unguarded prison furlough, during which he escaped to Finland.  On 22 October 1997 Christensen robbed the Hotel Palace in Helsinki, and during his escape from the hotel, he shot and killed two police officers, sergeant Eero Holsti and senior constable Antero Palo, on Tehtaankatu. The incident caused an unprecedented manhunt in Finland. Christensen was caught in Hämeenlinna, when he was leaving the Hotel Vaakuna. He had been living in the hotel under the name Kim Anderssen.  On trial at the Helsinki district court, Christensen was assisted by the lawyer Aarno Arvela. Christensen immediately admitted guilt for the two murders and announced that he did not want to appeal his sentence.[2]  Despite his protests, Christensen was sent to mental health examination in the Niuvanniemi mental hospital. He spent 21 days in the hospital, after which the examination was cancelled. The reason for this was Christensen's refusal to undergo any kind of psychological tests or examinations.[3] Despite the cancellation of the examination, the Finnish judicial centre of health care (TEO) made a statement about Christensen's mental health. According to the statement, Christensen acted out of full reason and was a dangerous repeat offender.  Christensen was sentenced to life imprisonment, and is serving it at the Herstedvester prison in Denmark. He was also sentenced to pay the families of the police officers he killed, the state treasury, and the watchman at the Hotel Palace a total of almost 275,000 Finnish mark (about 46,300 euro) and to pay a life support of 3873 Finnish mark (about 651.40 euro) per month to one underaged child. The sum consists mainly of family pensions and compensation for mental suffering. As well as the costs for the biggest criminal chase ever in Finland, the state had to pay the trial costs of over 62,500 Finnish mark (about 10 500 euro).  The reporter Matts Dumell interviewed Christensen in the Hämeenlinna prison four days before he was transferred to Denmark. The interview was shown in the Rikosraportti program on Nelonen.  The incident led to a great deal of discussion in Denmark about what kind of prisoners, and under what conditions, should be allowed to go on vacation from prison.  In prison, Christensen married a Finnish woman in 2000 who gave birth to their child.[4] Some sources claim that his wife is a former cross-country skier named Miia.  The Herstedvester prison, which houses some of Denmark's most dangerous criminals, has special arrangements specifically to prevent Christensen from escaping. Because of this, the Danish Ministry of Justice gave a separate fund of four million Danish kroner (about 500,000 euro) to prepare the prison before Christensen was transferred to Herstedvester.  The Finnish rap musician Seppo Lampela originally chose Steen Christensen as his artist name, but changed it to Steen1 after getting his first record deal, because of too much controversy. "
Ctenoplusia albostriata;"   Ctenoplusia albostriata, the eastern streaked plusia,[1] is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in India, Sri Lanka, eastern Asia and the Pacific, including Borneo, Hong Kong, Vietnam, Japan, most of Australia and New Zealand.[2]  The wingspan is about 30–42 mm. Palpi with short third joint. Hind femur of male not tufted with long hair. Head and thorax and forewings are full brown with a grey tinge. Sub-basal, antemedial and postmedial waved lines are brownish and indistinct. Orbicular narrow, elongate and brownish with white edges. There is a white streak found on median nervure conjoined to a brown streak with pale edges on vein 2, terminating at the postmedial line. A dark dentate submarginal line present. Hindwings fuscous with pale base.[3]  Its caterpillars are green pseudo-loopers. Body with sparse hairs and white tips. After last instar, it pupate in a loose cocoon in a curled up leaf.[4]  The larvae feed on various plants, including Conyza bonariensis and several other Asteraceae species, as well as Dichrostachys cinerea. Other recorded food plants include Erigeron, Symphytum, Calystegia, Elephantopus, Calendula, Callistephus, Dahlia, Solidago, Aster, Abelia, Dichrocephala and Polygonum.[5]    This Plusiinae-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Plusia albostriata Bremer & Grey, 1853 Abrostola subchalybaea Walker, 1865 Abrostola nubila Moore, 1887 Phytometra albostriata acuminata Strand, 1917 Phytometra albostriata albolimbalis Strand, 1917 Phytometra albostriata disjunctana Strand, 1917"
Francesca Curmi;" Francesca Curmi (born 7 July 2002) is a Maltese tennis player.  Curmi has represented Malta at the Fed Cup, where she has a win–loss record of 6–1.  On the junior tour, Curmi has a career-high combined ranking of 64, achieved on 28 May 2018.  Curmi participated in 2018 Summer Youth Olympics in singles, doubles and mixed doubles. In doubles partnering with Eléonora Molinaro from Luxembourg. The Maltese-Luxembourgian pair lost in 3 sets to French duet Clara Burel and Diane Parry 4–6, 6–3, 5–10 in the first round.  Curmi represented Malta at the 2022 Mediterranean Games held in Oran, Algeria. Curmi and Elaine Genovese won the silver medal in the women's doubles event. She was also one of the flag bearers for Malta during the opening ceremony.[1]  Junior Grand Slam results - Singles:  Junior Grand Slam results - Doubles:    This biographical article relating to sports in Malta is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Australian Open: 1R (2019) French Open: 1R (2018) Wimbledon: Q1 (2018) US Open: 1R (2018) Australian Open: SF (2019) French Open: 1R (2018) Wimbledon: 2R (2018) US Open: 1R (2019)"
György Cziffra discography;" The following is a list of the recordings of the pianist György Cziffra.  In addition to those, there are many non-commercial recordings freely circulating online There are also several releases by the small label Zenith Classical, featuring items from private collections, never-before-available in any format.     Bach/Busoni: Chorale Prelude, BWV 645 (EMI) Bach/Busoni: Das Orgel-Büchlein – In dir ist Freude, BWV 615 & Erschienen ist der herrliche Tag, BWV 629 (EMI) Bach/Busoni: Prelude and Fugue, BWV 532 (1968 & 1981 EMI) Toccata and Fugue, BWV 565 (EMI) Sonata, H.245 (ICA, EMI) Islamey, Op.18 (1956 & 1970 EMI, Hungaroton) Für Elise, WoO 59 (EMI) Piano Sonata, Op.13 (EMI) Piano Sonata, Op.14 No.2 (EMI) Piano Sonata, Op.26 (EMI) Piano Sonata, Op.27 No.1 (EMI) Piano Sonata, Op.53 (EMI) Piano Sonata, Op.54 (EMI) Piano Sonata, Op.57 (EMI) Polonaise, Op.89 (EMI) Rondo a capriccio, Op.129 (EMI) Variations on 'God Save the King', WoO 78 (EMI) Variations on the Russian Dance from the Ballet 'Das Waldmädchen', WoO 71 (EMI) Variations, WoO 80 (EMI) Bizet/Rachmaninoff: L'Arlésienne – Acte II – Deuxième Tableau – Intermezzo (Minuetto) (EMI) Brahms/Cziffra: Hungarian Dances (Nos. 1–17, 19, 21), WoO 1 (EMI) Variations on a Theme by Paganini – Heft I & Heft II, Op.35 (EMI) Waltz, Op.39 No.15 (EMI) Andante spianato et Grande polonaise brillante, Op.22 (Philips) with Manuel Rosenthal Ballade, Op.52 (EMI, Philips) Barcarolle, Op.60 (EMI) Berceuse, Op.57 (Philips) Bolero, Op.19 (EMI) Etudes, Op.10 (Philips) Etude No.3, Op.10 (1958 & 1974 & 1981 EMI) Etudes (Nos. 4, 5, 12), Op.10 (EMI) Etude No.10, Op.10 (1974 & 1981 EMI) Etudes, Op.25 (Philips) Etude No.1, Op.25 (1974 & 1974 EMI) Etude No.2, Op.25 (EMI) Fantaisie-Impromptu, Op.66 (1974 & 1974–1975 EMI) Fantaisie, Op.49 (EMI) Impromptu, Op.29 (1968 & 1974 & 1974–1975 EMI) Impromptu, Op.36 (1974 & 1974–1975 EMI) Impromptu, Op.51 (Philips, EMI) Krakowiak, Op.14 (EMI) with Georges Cziffra Jr. Nocturne, Op.9 (EMI) Nocturne, Op.9 No.2 (EMI) Nocturne, Op.27 No.2 (Philips) Piano Concerto, Op.11 (Philips, 1968 & 1976 EMI) with Georges Cziffra Jr., Manuel Rosenthal Piano Sonata, Op.35 (Philips, EMI) Piano Sonata, Op.58 (EMI) Polonaise-fantaisie, Op.61 (EMI) Polonaise, Op.26 (Philips) Polonaise, Op.40 (Philips, EMI) Polonaise, Op.40 No.1 (EMI) Polonaise, Op.44 (Philips, EMI) Polonaise, Op.53 (Philips, EMI) Prelude, Op.28 No.16 (EMI) Scherzo, Op.31 (Philips, EMI) Variations brillantes, Op.12 (EMI) Waltz, B.21 (EMI) Waltz, B.44 (EMI) Waltz, B.46 (EMI) Waltz, B.56 (Philips, EMI) Waltz, B.133 (EMI) Waltz, B.150 (EMI) Waltz, Op.18 (Philips, EMI) Waltz, Op.34 (Philips, EMI) Waltz, Op.42 (Philips, EMI) Waltz, Op.64 (Philips, EMI) Waltz, Op.64 No.1 (EMI) Waltz, Op.64 No.2 (EMI) Waltz, Op.69 (Philips, EMI) Waltz, Op.70 (Philips, EMI) Pièces de clavecin – Book 1 : Ordre II No.23 & Ordre V No.8 (EMI) Pièces de clavecin – Book 2 : Ordre VI – No.1(1969 & 1981 EMI, ICA) Pièces de clavecin – Book 2 : Ordre VI – No.5 (EMI) Pièces de clavecin – Book 3 : Ordre XIII No.10-11 (EMI) Pièces de clavecin – Book 3 : Ordre XVIII No.6 (1956 & 1981 EMI) Pièces de clavecin – Book 4 : Ordre XVII No.2 & Ordre XXII No.5 (EMI) Fantaisie roumaine (EMI, Hungaroton) Improvisation sur des themes de Gulliaume tell (EMI) Reminiscences de Johann Strauss (1956 & 1956 EMI) Pièces de Clavecin – Second Livre : L'Hirondelle (EMI) Pièces de Clavecin – Troisième Livre : Le Coucou (1956 & 1981 EMI) Clair De Lune (EMI) La plus que lente (EMI) Pour le piano (EMI) Preludes, Vol.1 No.8 (EMI) Konzertetüde, Op.28 No.6 (EMI) Falla/Cziffra: El amor brujo(revised) – No.8 Danse Rituelle du Feu (EMI) Piano Sonata, Op.1 No.1 – 2nd movement (Hungaroton) Prélude, Choral et Fugue (EMI) Variations symphoniques (1961 & 1969 EMI) with André Vandernoot, Georges Cziffra Jr. Rhapsody in Blue (Hungaroton) with Zoltán Rozsnyai Gounod/Liszt: Faust – Act 2 : Waltz (EMI) Lyric Piece, Op.43 No.1 (EMI) Piano Concerto, Op.16 (1958 & 1969 EMI, Hungaroton) with Georges Cziffra Jr., André Vandernoot, Zoltán Rozsnyai Rondo, Op.11 (1956–1957 & 1969 EMI, Hungaroton) Gayane – Danse du sabre (1956 & 1956 & 1956 EMI, Hungaroton) Bourrée Tarantelle di bravura d’après la tarantelle de La muette de Portici, S.386 No.1 (EMI, Hungaroton) Polish Songs (Nos. 1, 5), S.480 (EMI) Le rossignol, S.250 No.1 (EMI) Liszt/Cziffra: Hungarian Rhapsody No. 16  S.244(EMI) Liszt/Cziffra: Hungarian Rhapsody No. 19 S.244 (EMI, Hungaroton) Ballade, S.171 (EMI) Concert Etudes, S.144 No.2 & No.3 (Philips) Concert Etudes, S.145 (EMI, Hungaroton) Fantasie über ungarische Volksmelodien, S.123 (1957 & 1964 & 1968 EMI) with André Vandernoot, Georges Cziffra Jr., Pierre Dervaux Gaudeaums Igitur, S.509 (EMI) Grand galop chromatique (EMI) Grandes études de Paganini, S.141 No.3 La Campanella (1959 & 1975 EMI) Grandes études de Paganini, S.141 No.5 La Chasse (EMI) Harmonies poétiques et religieuses III, S.173 – No.7 (EMI) Hungarian Rhapsodies (Nos. 2, 6, 12, 15), S.244 (Hungaroton) Hungarian Rhapsodies (Nos. 1, 3–5, 7–11, 13–14), S.244 (EMI) Hungarian Rhapsodies (Nos. 1–15), S.244 (EMI) Hungarian Rhapsody, S.244 – No.2 (ICA) Legend, S.175 No.1 (EMI) Legend, S.175 No.2 (EMI, Philips) Liebesträume, S.541 – No.3 (1957 & 1977 EMI) Mephisto Waltz, S.541 (1957 & 1985–1986 EMI) Piano Concerto, S.124 (1957 & 1961 & 1969 EMI, Hungaroton) with André Vandernoot, Georges Cziffra Jr., Gyorgy Lehel, Pierre Dervaux Piano Concerto, S.125 (1958 & 1969 EMI) with André Vandernoot, Georges Cziffra Jr. Piano Sonata, S.178 Polonaise, S.223 – No.1 (EMI) Polonaise, S.223 – No.2 (Philips, EMI) Rhapsodie espagnole, S.254 (EMI) Soirées de Vienne, S.427 – No.6 (EMI, Hungaroton) Totentanz, S.126 (1964 & 1968 EMI) with André Vandernoot, Georges Cziffra Jr. Transcendental Etudes (Nos. 1–11), S.139 (Hungaroton) Transcendental Etudes, S.139 (EMI) Transcendental Etude, S.139 – No.9 (EMI) Transcendental Etude, S.139 – No.10 (1956 & 1981 EMI) Trascendental Etude, S.139 – No.12 (EMI) Valse-Impromptu, S.213 (1956 & 1957 & 1977–1978 & 1985–1986 EMI, Hungaroton) Valses oubliées, S.215 – No.1 (1957 & 1977–1978 EMI, Hungaroton) Années de pèlerinage I, S.160 (EMI) Années de pèlerinage II, S.161 (EMI) Années de pèlerinage II, S.161 – No.6 (Philips) Années de pèlerinage II, Supplément, S.162 (EMI) Années de pèlerinage II, Supplément, S.162 – No.3 Tarantella (Philips) Années de pèlerinage III, S.163 (EMI) Années de pèlerinage III, S.163 – 4 (EMI) Konzertparaphrase über Mendelssohns Hochzeitsmarsch und Elfenreigen aus der Musik zu Shakespeares Sommernachtstraum, S.410 (EMI, Hungaroton) Ouvertüre zu Tannhäuser, S.442 (EMI, Hungaroton) Paraphrase de concert sur Rigoletto, S.434 (EMI, Hungaroton) Präludium und Fuge über den Namen BACH, S.529 No.2 (Philips) Gavotte (1956 & 1969 & 1981 EMI) Mendelssohn/Rachmaninoff: A Midsummer Night's Dream, Op.61 – No.1 (EMI) Lieder ohne Worte, Op.62 – No.6 (EMI) Lieder ohne Worte, Op.67 – No.4 (EMI) Piano Concerto, Op.25 (EMI) with Georges Cziffra Jr. Rondo Capriccioso, Op.14 (1968 & 1968 EMI) Fantaisie, Op.16 – No.2 Scherzo (EMI) Piano Sonata, K.310 (EMI) Piano Sonata, K.311 – 3rd movement (EMI) Piano Concerto, Op.18 (EMI) with Georges Cziffra Jr. Prelude, Op.23 – No.5 (EMI) Dardanus – Rigaudon (1969 & 1981 EMI) Nouvelles suites de pièces de clavecin – No.12 & No.16 (EMI) Pièces de clavecin – Suite II No.4 (EMI) Pièces de clavecin – Suite II No.7 (1959 & 1981 EMI) Jeux d'eau (EMI) Le tombeau de Couperin – No.6 (EMI) Sonatine (EMI) Rimsky-Korsakov/Cziffra: The Tale of Tsar Saltan – Act III Flight of the Bumblebee (1956 & 1956 EMI, Hungaroton) Rossini/Cziffra: La Danza (EMI) Étude, Op.52 – No.6 (EMI) Keyboard Sonata, K.96 (EMI) Keyboard Sonata, K.101 (EMI) Keyboard Sonata, K.159 (1956 & 1969 EMI) Schubert/Tausig: Marché militaires, D.733 – No.1 Impromptu, D.899 – No.4 (1969 & 1981 EMI) Impromptu, D.935 – No.1 (EMI) Carnaval, Op.9 (1957 & 1968 EMI) Fantasiestücke, Op.12 (EMI) Fantasiestücke, Op.12 – No.1 (EMI) Fantasiestücke, Op.12 – No.7 (Hungaroton) Faschingsschwank aus Wien, Op.26 (EMI) Kinderszenen, Op.15 – No.7 (EMI) Novellette, Op.21 – No.8 (EMI) Symphonic Etudes, Op.13 (EMI) Toccata, Op.7 (EMI) Strauss/Cziffra: An der schönen blauen Donau (Hungaroton) Strauss/Cziffra: Der Zigeunerbaron (Hungaroton) Strauss/Cziffra: Die Fledermaus (Hungaroton) Strauss/Cziffra: Le beau Danube bleu (EMI) Strauss/Cziffra: Tritsch-Tratsch Polka (Hungaroton, EMI) Tchaikovsky/Liszt: Eugene Onegin, Op.24 – Act III No.19 (EMI) Piano Concerto, Op.23 (1956 & 1957 EMI) Verdi/Cziffra: Il trovatore (Hungaroton) Vecsey/Cziffra: Valse triste (EMI, Hungaroton) Konzertstück, Op.79 (EMI) with Georges Cziffra Jr. Concert Etudes, S.145 No.2 (Aura Music, Archipel) Fantasie über ungarische Volksmelodien, S.123 (ICA) with André Cluytens Grand galop chromatique (Ermitage, Hungaroton, Medici Masters) Harmonies poétiques et religieuses III, S.173 – No.7 (ICA, Aura Music) Hungarian Rhapsody, S.244 – No.2 (Aura Music) Hungarian Rhapsody, S.244 – No.6 (Medici Masters, Ermitage) Liebesträume, S.541 – No.3 (Aura Music, Ermitage) Piano Concerto, S.124 (ICA, Archipel) with André Cluytens, Fulvio Vernizzi Piano Concerto, S.125 (Archipel) with Bernard Conz Polonaise, S.223 – No.2 (Medici Masters, Ermitage) Präludium und Fuge über den Namen BACH, S.529 No.2 (ICA) Rhapsodie espagnole, S.254 (ICA, Medici Masters, Ermitage) Totentanz, S.126 (IDIS) with Umberto Cattini Transcendental Etude, S.139 – No.5 (Archipel) Transcendental Etude, S.139 – No.10 (Aura Music, Archipel) Valse-Impromptu, S.213 (Ermitage) Années de pèlerinage II, S.161 – No.7 (Archipel) Années de pèlerinage III, S.163 – 4 (Archipel) Bach/Busoni: Prelude and Fugue, BWV 532 (Ermitage) Piano Concerto, Sz.95 (EMI) with Mario Rossi Piano Sonata, Op.53 (Ermitage) Ballade, Op.52 (Medici Masters, Aura Music) Etudes (Nos. 3, 10, 12), Op.10 (Aura Music) Etude No.1, Op.25 (Aura Music) Fantaisie-Impromptu, Op.66 (Aura Music) Fantaisie, Op.49 (Medici Masters, Ermitage) Impromptu, Op.51 (Medici Masters) Piano Concerto, Op.11 (claves) with Georges Cziffra Jr. Piano Sonata, Op.35 (Ermitage) Polonaise, Op.26 No.2 (Ermitage) Polonaise, Op.53 (Medici Masters, Ermitage) Scherzo, Op.31 (Medici Masters, Ermitage) Waltz, Op.18 (Medici Masters) Waltz, Op.34 No.3 (Medici Masters) Waltz, Op.42 (Aura Music) Waltz, Op.64 No.1 (Aura Music) Waltz, Op.64 No.2 (Aura Music) Piano Concerto, Op.16 (ICA) with Georges Tzipine Gavotte (ICA) Keyboard Sonata, K.96 & K.159 & K.284 & K.446 & K.533 (ICA) Carnaval, Op.9 (Ermitage)"
Bruce Schneier;"   Bruce Schneier (/ˈʃnaɪ.ər/, born January 15, 1963) is an American cryptographer, computer security professional, privacy specialist, and writer. Schneier is a Lecturer in Public Policy at the Harvard Kennedy School[2] and a Fellow at the Berkman Klein Center for Internet & Society as of November, 2013.[3] He is a board member of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, Access Now, and The Tor Project, and an advisory board member of Electronic Privacy Information Center and VerifiedVoting.org. He is the author of several books on general security topics, computer security and cryptography and is a squid enthusiast.[4]  In 2015, Schneier received the EPIC Lifetime Achievement Award from Electronic Privacy Information Center.[5]  Bruce Schneier is the son of Martin Schneier, a Brooklyn Supreme Court judge. He grew up in the Flatbush neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York, attending P.S. 139 and Hunter College High School.[6]  After receiving a physics bachelor's degree from the University of Rochester in 1984,[7] he went to American University in Washington, D.C. and got his master's degree in computer science in 1988.[8] He was awarded an honorary Ph.D from the University of Westminster in London, England in November 2011. The award was made by the Department of Electronics and Computer Science in recognition of Schneier's 'hard work and contribution to industry and public life'.  Schneier was a founder and chief technology officer of Counterpane Internet Security (now BT Managed Security Solutions).  He worked for IBM once they acquired Resilient Systems where Schneier was CTO[9][10][11] until he left at the end of June 2019.[12]  In 1991, Schneier was laid off from his job and started writing for computer magazines. Later he decided to write a book on applied cryptography "since no such book existed". He took his articles, wrote a proposal to John Wiley and they bought the proposal.[13]  In 1994, Schneier published Applied Cryptography, which details the design, use, and implementation of cryptographic algorithms.  "This book allowed me to write more, to start consulting, to start my companies, and really launched me as an expert in this field, and it really was because no one else has written this book. I wanted to read it so I had to write it. And it happened in a really lucky time when everything started to explode on the Internet".[13]  In 2010 he published Cryptography Engineering, which is focused more on how to use cryptography in real systems and less on its internal design. He has also written books on security for a broader audience. In 2000, Schneier published Secrets and Lies: Digital Security in a Networked World, in 2003, Beyond Fear: Thinking Sensibly About Security in an Uncertain World, in 2012, Liars and Outliers: Enabling the Trust that Society Needs to Thrive, and in 2015, Data and Goliath: The Hidden Battles to Collect Your Data and Control Your World.[14]  Schneier writes a freely available monthly Internet newsletter on computer and other security issues, Crypto-Gram, as well as a security weblog, Schneier on Security.[15] The blog focuses on the latest threats, and his own thoughts. The weblog started out as a way to publish essays before they appeared in Crypto-Gram, making it possible for others to comment on them while the stories were still current, but over time the newsletter became a monthly email version of the blog, re-edited and re-organized.[16][citation needed]  Schneier is frequently quoted in the press on computer and other security issues, pointing out flaws in security and cryptographic implementations ranging from biometrics to airline security after the September 11 attacks.[17]  Schneier revealed on his blog that in the December 2004 issue of the SIGCSE Bulletin, three Pakistani academics, Khawaja Amer Hayat, Umar Waqar Anis, and S. Tauseef-ur-Rehman, from the International Islamic University in Islamabad, Pakistan, plagiarized an article written by Schneier and got it published.[18] The same academics subsequently plagiarized another article by Ville Hallivuori on "Real-time Transport Protocol (RTP) security" as well.[18] Schneier complained to the editors of the periodical, which generated a minor controversy.[19] The editor of the SIGCSE Bulletin removed the paper from their website and demanded official letters of admission and apology. Schneier noted on his blog that International Islamic University personnel had requested him "to close comments in this blog entry", Schneier refused to close comments on the blog, but he did delete posts which he deemed "incoherent or hostile".[18]  Schneier warns about misplaced trust in blockchain[20] and the lack of use cases, calling blockchain a solution in search of a problem.[21]  "What blockchain does is shift some of the trust in people and institutions to trust in technology. You need to trust the cryptography, the protocols, the software, the computers and the network. And you need to trust them absolutely, because they’re often single points of failure."  "I’ve never seen a legitimate use case for blockchain. I’ve never seen any system where blockchain provides security in a way that is impossible to provide in any other way."[22]  He goes on to say that cryptocurrencies are useless and are only used by speculators looking for quick riches.  To Schneier, peer review and expert analysis are important for the security of cryptographic systems.[23] Mathematical cryptography is usually not the weakest link in a security chain, effective security requires that cryptography be combined with other things.[24]  The term Schneier's law was coined by Cory Doctorow in a 2004 speech.[25] The law is phrased as:  Any person can invent a security system so clever that she or he can't think of how to break it. He attributes this to Bruce Schneier, who wrote in 1998: "Anyone, from the most clueless amateur to the best cryptographer, can create an algorithm that he himself can't break. It's not even hard. What is hard is creating an algorithm that no one else can break, even after years of analysis."[26]  Similar sentiments had been expressed by others before. In The Codebreakers, David Kahn states: "Few false ideas have more firmly gripped the minds of so many intelligent men than the one that, if they just tried, they could invent a cipher that no one could break", and in "A Few Words On Secret Writing", in July 1841, Edgar Allan Poe had stated: "Few persons can be made to believe that it is not quite an easy thing to invent a method of secret writing which shall baffle investigation. Yet it may be roundly asserted that human ingenuity cannot concoct a cipher which human ingenuity cannot resolve."[27]  Schneier also coined the term "kid sister cryptography", writing in the Preface to Applied Cryptography[28] that:  There are two kinds of cryptography in this world: cryptography that will stop your kid sister from reading your files, and cryptography that will stop major governments from reading your files. Schneier is critical of digital rights management (DRM) and has said that it allows a vendor to increase lock-in.[29] Proper implementation of control-based security for the user via trusted computing is very difficult, and security is not the same thing as control.[29]  Schneier insists that "owning your data is a different way of thinking about data."[30]  Schneier is a proponent of full disclosure, i.e. making security issues public.  If researchers don't go public, things don’t get fixed. Companies don't see it as a security problem, they see it as a PR problem.[31] Schneier has said that homeland security money should be spent on intelligence, investigation, and emergency response.[32] Defending against the broad threat of terrorism is generally better than focusing on specific potential terrorist plots.[32] According to Schneier, analysis of intelligence data is difficult but is one of the better ways to deal with global terrorism.[33] Human intelligence has advantages over automated and computerized analysis, and increasing the amount of intelligence data that is gathered does not help to improve the analysis process.[33] Agencies that were designed around fighting the Cold War may have a culture that inhibits the sharing of information, the practice of sharing information is more important and less of a security threat in itself when dealing with more decentralized and poorly funded adversaries such as al Qaeda.[34]  Regarding PETN—the explosive that has become terrorists' weapon of choice—Schneier has written that only swabs and dogs can detect it. He also believes that changes to airport security since 11 September 2001 have done more harm than good and he defeated Kip Hawley, former head of the Transportation Security Administration, in an Economist online debate by 87% to 13% regarding the issue.[35] He is widely credited with coining the term "security theater" to describe some such changes.  As a Fellow of Berkman Center for Internet & Society at Harvard University, Schneier is exploring the intersection of security, technology, and people, with an emphasis on power.[36]  "Movie-plot threat" is a term Schneier coined that refers to very specific and dramatic terrorist attack scenarios, reminiscent of the behavior of terrorists in movies, rather than what terrorists actually do in the real world.[37] Security measures created to protect against movie plot threats do not provide a higher level of real security, because such preparation only pays off if terrorists choose that one particular avenue of attack, which may not even be feasible. Real-world terrorists would also be likely to notice the highly specific security measures, and simply attack in some other way. The specificity of movie plot threats gives them power in the public imagination, however, so even extremely unrealistic security theater countermeasures may receive strong support from the public and legislators. Among many other examples of movie plot threats, Schneier described banning baby carriers from subways, for fear that they may contain explosives.[38] Starting in April 2006, Schneier has had an annual contest to create the most fantastic movie-plot threat.[39] In 2015, during the 8th and as of 17 February 2022[update] the last one, he mentioned that the contest may have run its course.[40]  Schneier has criticized security approaches that try to prevent any malicious incursion, instead arguing that designing systems to fail well is more important.[41] The designer of a system should not underestimate the capabilities of an attacker, as technology may make it possible in the future to do things that are not possible at the present.[23] Under Kerckhoffs's Principle, the need for one or more parts of a cryptographic system to remain secret increases the fragility of the system, whether details about a system should be obscured depends upon the availability of persons who can make use of the information for beneficial uses versus the potential for attackers to misuse the information.[42]  Secrecy and security aren't the same, even though it may seem that way. Only bad security relies on secrecy, good security works even if all the details of it are public.[43] Schneier has been involved in the creation of many cryptographic algorithms.  Hash functions:  Stream ciphers:  Pseudo-random number generators:  Block ciphers:  Schneier is a board member of the Electronic Frontier Foundation.[44]  American University University of Rochester Harvard University Counterpane Internet Security Bell Labs United States Department of Defense BT Group Skein Solitaire Phelix Helix Fortuna Yarrow algorithm Blowfish Twofish Threefish MacGuffin Schneier, Bruce. Applied Cryptography, John Wiley & Sons, 1994. ISBN 0-471-59756-2 Schneier, Bruce. Protect Your Macintosh, Peachpit Press, 1994. ISBN 1-56609-101-2 Schneier, Bruce. E-Mail Security, John Wiley & Sons, 1995. ISBN 0-471-05318-X Schneier, Bruce. Applied Cryptography, Second Edition, John Wiley & Sons, 1996. ISBN 0-471-11709-9 Schneier, Bruce, Kelsey, John, Whiting, Doug, Wagner, David, Hall, Chris, Ferguson, Niels. The Twofish Encryption Algorithm, John Wiley & Sons, 1996. ISBN 0-471-35381-7 Schneier, Bruce, Banisar, David. The Electronic Privacy Papers, John Wiley & Sons, 1997. ISBN 0-471-12297-1 Schneier, Bruce. Secrets and Lies: Digital Security in a Networked World, John Wiley & Sons, 2000. ISBN 0-471-25311-1 Schneier, Bruce. Beyond Fear: Thinking Sensibly About Security in an Uncertain World, Copernicus Books, 2003. ISBN 0-387-02620-7 Ferguson, Niels, Schneier, Bruce. Practical Cryptography, John Wiley & Sons, 2003. ISBN 0-471-22357-3 Schneier, Bruce. Secrets and Lies: Digital Security in a Networked World, John Wiley & Sons, 2004. ISBN 978-0-471-45380-2 Schneier, Bruce. Schneier on Security, John Wiley & Sons, 2008. ISBN 978-0-470-39535-6 Ferguson, Niels, Schneier, Bruce, Kohno, Tadayoshi. Cryptography Engineering, John Wiley & Sons, 2010. ISBN 978-0-470-47424-2 Schneier, Bruce. Liars and Outliers: Enabling the Trust that Society Needs to Thrive, John Wiley & Sons, 2012. ISBN 978-1-118-14330-8 Schneier, Bruce. Carry On: Sound Advice from Schneier on Security, John Wiley & Sons, 2013. ISBN 978-1118790816 Schneier, Bruce. Data and Goliath: The Hidden Battles to Collect Your Data and Control Your World, W. W. Norton & Company, 2015. ISBN 978-0-393-24481-6 Schneier, Bruce. Click Here to Kill Everybody: Security and Survival in a Hyper-connected World, W. W. Norton & Company, 2018. ISBN 978-0-393-60888-5 Schneier, Bruce. We Have Root: Even More Advice from Schneier on Security, John Wiley & Sons, 2019.  ISBN 978-1119643012 Attack tree Failing badly Snake oil (cryptography) Alice and Bob"
Springfield, Jackson County, Wisconsin;" Springfield is a town in Jackson County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 567 at the 2000 census.  The village of Taylor is located within the town.  According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of 36.5 square miles (94.5 km2), of which, 36.5 square miles (94.5 km2) of it is land and 0.04 square miles (0.1 km2) of it (0.05%) is water.  As of the census[2] of 2000, there were 567 people, 187 households, and 152 families residing in the town. The population density was 15.5 people per square mile (6.0/km2). There were 229 housing units at an average density of 6.3 per square mile (2.4/km2). The racial makeup of the town was 96.83% White, 0.18% African American, 1.59% Native American, 0.18% Asian, and 1.23% from two or more races.  There were 187 households, out of which 40.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.1% were married couples living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.7% were non-families. 13.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.03 and the average family size was 3.36.  In the town, the population was spread out, with 32.8% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 9.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 119.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.9 males.  The median income for a household in the town was $40,179, and the median income for a family was $39,000. Males had a median income of $25,769 versus $20,795 for females. The per capita income for the town was $16,075. About 4.8% of families and 9.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.9% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over. "
Emam Qoli, Kermanshah;" Emam Qoli (Persian: امامقلي, also Romanized as Emām Qolī and Emāmqolī, also known as Emāmqolī Dīreh)[1] is a village in Direh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 84, in 16 families.[2]  This Gilan-e Gharb County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Vujinovača;" Vujinovača is a village in the municipality of Valjevo, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 258 people.[1]  Coordinates: 44°11′N 19°42′E﻿ / ﻿44.183°N 19.700°E﻿ / 44.183, 19.700  This Kolubara District, Serbia location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Pilar Manjón;" Pilar Manjón (born 1958) is the president of the Asociación 11-M Afectados del Terrorismo (Association for the victims of 11-M).  Manjón was born in Plasencia, Cáceres Province. She is a civil servant and has been a member of the Madrid chapter of the labour union Comisiones Obreras since 1978.[1]  Her son, Daniel Paz Manjón, died in the Madrid 11-M attacks.[2]  Pilar Manjón is the current president of the Asociación 11-M Afectados del Terrorismo. She has been president of this association since 2005, following the resignation of the prior president and the subsequent appointment of an interim caretaker in November 2004. She has been publicly critical of the way some Spanish politicians have used the 11 March terrorist attacks for their own ends and has assigned responsibility for the attacks to the government of José María Aznar. In her opinion, the Muslim terrorists chose to attack Madrid because of the Aznar government's support of the Iraq War, support which had actively begun one year before the attacks took place.  Manjón became famous because of her participation in the Comisión del Investigación del 11-M (the congressional committee investigating the 11-M attacks), which caused a furor in Spain: "I'm arriving at serious conclusions. I think something could have been done to avoid these attacks."[3] She has also requested that no further images of those killed and injured in those tragic events be disseminated. [4]  In 2010 Manjón starred in the documentary "Un Largo Invierno," directed by Sebastián Arabia.[5]  The documentary exposes the precarious state in which some of the victims of the 11-M terrorist attacks live. It also offers an analysis of the six years that have passed since the bombings, with the effects of the much-mooted conspiracy theory (teoría de la conspiración) taking on a weighty role. Manjón denounces a campaign of bullying and harassment directed against herself and members of her association, given the large quantity of death threats received by them (for this reason, the police chiefs were obliged to provide Manjón with an escort). Whether it is due to Manjón's words or the offscreen narrative which Arabia inserts at certain moments of the film, the work as a whole is highly critical of many of the actions and positions taken by the Partido Popular political party with regards to the 11-M attacks. The film also criticizes the government of José María Aznar, which is accused of being the cause of the bombings thanks to its support of, and participation in, the Iraq War. In some places, the film also denounces the Zapatero government (2004–2011) for having abandoned the 11-M victims.  The film's producer offered the documentary free of charge on Internet for four weeks and, according to data provided by that same producer, the documentary was viewed by 70,000 people.  On August 1, 2014, Pilar Manjón used her Twitter account to harshly criticize the President of the United States, Barack Obama, and his wife, Michelle Obama, because, according to her, they were not trying to completely and permanently halt the military campaign that Israel was undertaking against the inhabitants of Gaza. Specifically, she said, "I hate the black man in the White House. I love the murdered children of Gaza. I want that (abbreviated epithet) of a woman to take down the video of those kidnapped girls."[6][7] The fact that she used the words "hate" and "black" generated considerable scandal, as they were considered racist. The President's wife, Michelle Obama, was also criticized for her participation in the "Bring Back Our Girls" campaign since it appears that Manjón considered there to exist an implicit hypocrisy in defending the girls who were kidnapped by Boko Haram while keeping silent regarding the attacks in Gaza. At that time there were over 1,400 Palestinian deaths and 8,000 Palestinian injured in the 24 days of the Israeli military operation in the Gaza strip, called "Operation Protective Edge," which according to some sources constituted genocide and generated international condemnation against the acts of the state of Israel. "
Zond 3MV-1 No.2;"   Zond 3MV-1 No.2[3] (or No. 4A [4]), also known as Venera 1964A in the West, was a Soviet spacecraft, which was launched in 1964 as part of the Zond program. Due to a problem with its carrier rocket third stage, it failed to reach low Earth orbit.[4]  Zond 3MV-1 No.2 was launched at 05:47:40 UTC on 19 February 1964, atop a Molniya 8K78M carrier rocket flying from Site 1/5 at the Baikonur Cosmodrome.[3] During ascent, LOX entered an RP-1 duct due to a leaking valve and formed a glob of explosive gel, so when core separation and Blok I ignition began, the thrust section exploded. The remains of the stage and probe landed 52 miles (85 kilometers) north of the town of Barabinsk in Siberia.  This article about one or more spacecraft of the Soviet Union is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. List of missions to Venus Zond failed missions Spaceflight portal"
It's So Hard;"   "It's So Hard" is a song written and performed by John Lennon, which first appeared on his 1971 album Imagine. Shortly after the album's release, the song was issued as the B-side to the single "Imagine". In Mexico, it was released on an EP with "Imagine", "Oh My Love" and "Gimme Some Truth".[2] In 1986, a live performance from 30 August 1972 was issued on Lennon's live album Live in New York City.  According to author John Blaney, the lyrics of "It's So Hard" represent a summary of Lennon's struggle with life's difficulties.[3] The lyrics describe one of Lennon's attitudes towards life, complaining about difficulties and the need to eat and love, commenting that sometimes things get so difficult he wants to stop trying,[4] he ultimately finds solace with his lover.[3][4] Author Andrew Grant Jackson interprets the song as demonstrating the difficulty in achieving the utopia-style vision in his song "Imagine", which was released as the A-side of the single including "It's So Hard", due to the drudgery of everyday life.[5] The song incorporates double entendres such as "going down", which is used to mean "giving up" early in the song, but refers to oral sex later in the song.[4] The title phrase serves as a sexual double entendre when used in the portion of the song describing when the singer is with his lover and things are good.[5]  "It's So Hard" is a rocking blues-style tune.[3][4] Music critic Wilfrid Mellers considers the vocal line to be based on gospel and soul music, but states that the song's use of sharpened fourths and false relations gives it a "harsh rock-bottom reality comparable with that of genuine, primitive blues".[6] Rolling Stone critic David Fricke describes it as being "like 'Yer Blues' from The Beatles, with an ironed-out beat and hearty blasts of tenor saxophone".[7]  "It's So Hard" was recorded on 11 February 1971 at Ascot Sound Studios, Ascot [8] and Record Plant East, New York.[2][9] It was the first song recorded at Ascot, as it was considered a good test for the new studio, being a simple blues song.[9] The Flux Fiddlers' part was overdubbed on 4 July 1971 at the Record Plant.[10]  The primary instruments are Lennon on guitar & piano, Klaus Voormann on bass and Jim Gordon on drums.[3] In addition, the instrumentals include strings played by the Flux Fiddlers and a saxophone solo played by King Curtis.[3][7] Curtis had played on many jazz and pop recordings of the 1950s and 1960s, including the Coasters' 1958 hit "Yakety Yak". It was one of his final performances, as he was murdered just one month before the US release of Imagine.[5] His sax break for "It's So Hard" was recorded on 5 July 1971.[10]  Mellers praises the potency of the song's 'barrelhouse piano style' and the compulsiveness generated by the song's ostinato.[6] Music instructors Ben Urish and Ken Bielen describe "It's So Hard" as "enjoyable enough", claiming that it "makes its simple point without belabouring it".[4] John Blaney claims that in inferior hands the song could have been "a maudlin song of self-pity" but Lennon's "bouncy arrangement" and "snappy rhythm/lead guitar" avoids this issue.[3]  Author Robert Rodriguez calls it one of the "edgier tracks" on Imagine that forms the album's "real meat".[11] Music critic Robert Christgau describes it as an "unsung great song".[12] Jackson calls it "a funny rant about life that anyone who hasn't slept enough, before another day at work, can make his or her own", adding that "as banal as it is, no one before had ever kvetched in such a humorous way about how hard it was just to function as a human being."[5]  On 14 January 1972, Lennon and Ono Lennon recorded "It's So Hard", backed by Elephant's Memory for an edition of The Mike Douglas Show which aired on 14 February.[9][11] Activist Jerry Rubin played percussion for this performance.[9] Lennon also played the track during a benefit concert at Madison Square Garden on 30 August 1972.[13]  The version from the album Imagine was included in the documentary Gimme Some Truth: The Making of John Lennon's 'Imagine' Album.[9] It was also included in a version of the film Imagine: John Lennon for a scene where Lennon and Ono attended a party at the New York home of Allen Klein, but the scene was cut from the film.[9]  Chris Goss and Masters of Reality covered "It's So Hard" on their 2004 album Give Us Barabbas.[14]    John Lennon – vocals, electric guitar, piano Klaus Voormann – bass King Curtis – tenor saxophone Jim Gordon – drums, tambourine The Flux Fiddlers – strings"
The Four Tunes;" The Four Tunes (also referred to as The 4 Tunes) were a leading black pop vocal quartet during the 1950s.[1]  The members at the peak of their fame were Pat Best, Jimmy Gordon, Jimmie Nabbie, and Danny Owens.  The group originated from The Brown Dots, a quartet started in New York City by Ivory "Deek" Watson (born July 18, 1909, Mounds, Illinois – died November 4, 1969, Washington, DC) after he split from the Ink Spots in late 1944.[1] The other original members were William Henry "Pat" Best (baritone and guitar) (born June 6, 1923, Wilmington, North Carolina – died October 14, 2004, Roseville, California),[2] Joe King (tenor), and Jimmy Gordon (bass).[1]  Best and Watson were co-credited with the song "For Sentimental Reasons", which became The Brown Dots' first single.  Later it became a 1946 hit for Nat King Cole and was recorded by many other artists. Soon afterwards, King was replaced by Jimmie Nabbie (tenor) and, in late 1946, Nabbie, Best, and Gordon recruited Danny Owens to replace Watson.  They called themselves The Sentimentalists (after "For Sentimental Reasons") and started recording for Manor, backing Savannah Churchill on her 1947 No. 1 US Billboard R&B chart hit, "I Want to Be Loved (But Only by You)",[1] and also on her 1948 releases "Time Out for Tears" and "I Want to Cry".  After bandleader Tommy Dorsey asked them to stop calling themselves the Sentimentalists, also the name of his vocal group, they changed their name to The Four Tunes.  Nabbie later stated that the name was derived from the fact that all they had left were four tunes that they had not yet recorded. Manor reissued all their Sentimentalists recordings as by the Four Tunes.  They continued recording for Manor until early in 1949, when they switched over to RCA Victor,[1] where they had 18 records released between May 1949 and November 1953. They then switched to Jerry Blaine's Jubilee label, where they achieved their greatest popularity.[1] Their first Jubilee recording, "Marie" was released in September, and reached No. 2 on the Billboard R&B chart (No. 13 Pop).[1] It sold one million copies.[3] This Irving Berlin tune had been a No. 1 hit for Tommy Dorsey (with Jack Leonard on vocal) in 1937, and was later a hit for Irish group The Bachelors.  The Four Tunes' next Jubilee release, "I Understand (Just How You Feel)" was a bigger hit, climbing to No. 7 R&B, and No. 6 on the pop chart.[1] It sold over one million copies, and was awarded a gold disc.[3] By this time, the group had leaned closer to rhythm & blues and now had swung back to pop.  The group played the black theater circuit and also many white clubs. When they were on a tour with pop singer Joni James, she asked Jimmie Nabbie to write a song for her. The result, "You Are My Love", was her big hit of 1955 (which the Four Tunes covered).  In late 1959, there were two releases on Crosby (a Las Vegas label that Jimmie Nabbie partly owned). Then, there was a single release on Robin's Nest (as the "Four Tunes And One") in 1962.  After 18 years with the group, Nabbie left in 1963, to become a soloist (in 1965, he joined an Ink Spots group to come full circle, he would remain with them until his death), Danny Owens left about the same time. Billy Wells was tapped to fill Nabbie's place and tenor Gaines Steele was brought in to replace Owens.  In the mid 1960s, Frank Dawes (tenor and piano) was also brought on board, as a utility singer. The recording career of the 4 Tunes wound down with an LP on the ARA label in 1969 (which contained versions of "I Love You For Sentimental Reasons," but also "Whole Lot Of Shaking Going On").  The personnel were: Pat Best, Jimmy Gordon, Billy Wells, Frank Dawes, and Chuck Hampton (drums and vocals).  The group kept going throughout subsequent decades, although Wells left in the 1980s for medical reasons and was replaced by Andre Williams, who in turn made way for Rufus McKay. Pat Best and Jimmy Gordon finally wound the group up in the late 1990s.  Jimmie Nabbie died after double bypass surgery on September 15, 1992,[4] and Pat Best died on October 14, 2004, at the age of 81.[5]  The Four Tunes were inducted into The Vocal Group Hall of Fame in 2004. "
Julián López (comedian);"   Julián López González (born 10 November 1978) is a Spanish comedian and actor. He became popular for appearances in sketch comedy shows such as La hora chanante and Muchachada Nui.[1]  Julián López González was born in El Provencio, province of Cuenca, on 10 November 1978.[2] He studied a degree in teaching (specialised in musical education) from the University of Castilla–La Mancha.[1] He earned public recognition in 2002 with the sketch show La hora chanante (2002–2006),[1] alongside Ernesto Sevilla and Joaquín Reyes, on Noche hache on Cuatro and later with Muchachada Nui (2007–2010).[1] He made his feature film debut in Borja Cobeaga's 2009 comedy film Friend Zone.[3]  He hosted the 5th Feroz Awards in 2018.[4]  He has been a committed supporter of the football team Athletic Bilbao since childhood after receiving their kit as a present.[5]  Comedian actor"
Tormenta de pasiones;" Tormenta de pasiones is a Mexican telenovela produced by Televisa for Telesistema Mexicano in 1965.[1]    This article about Mexican telenovelas is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Vanessa Terkes Sebastián Ligarde Beatriz Sheridan"
Ceramea singularis;"   Ceramea singularis is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Myanmar.[2]    This Archipini-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Pancham;" Pancham may refer to:  Pancham da, nickname of Rahul Dev Burman, an Indian film score composer One of the seven basic swaras (notes) of the musical scale of Indian classical music Pancham (TV series), an Indian TV series Pancham (Pokémon), a Pokémon Panchama, the 5th svara from the 7 svaras of Hindustani music and Carnatic music."
How I Taught My Grandmother to Read;"   How I Taught My Grandmother to Read? (Kannada: ನನ್ನ ಅಜ್ಜಿಗೆ ನಾನು ಹೇಗೆ ಓದಲು ಕಲಿಸಿದೆ?) is a fictional short story written by prolific Indian author Sudha Murthy. This story was published in the book How I Taught My Grandmother to Read and Other Stories in the year 2004 by Penguin Books, India. Later it was included in the Class 9 English Communicative CBSE Syllabus. In the story, the author recalls how she taught her illiterate grandmother to read.  When the author was a girl of about twelve, she used to stay in a village in North Karnataka with her grandparents. Since the transport system was not very good in those days, they used to get the morning newspaper not until the afternoon. The weekly magazine used to come in a day late. All of them would wait eagerly for the bus, which arrived with the newspapers, weekly magazine and the post.  At that time, Triveni was a very popular writer in the Kannada language and all the village people would wait eagerly for the weekly magazine 'Karmaveera', where one of her novel Kashi Yatre was appearing as a serial. It was the story of an old lady and her earnest desire to go to Kashi or Banares or Varanasi, where she wished to worship Lord Vishweshwara to attain the ultimate blessings. But finally, the old lady sacrifices all her savings for the marriage of a young, poor girl, who falls in love but there was no money for her wedding so she gave her all her savings.  Impressed by the plot of Kashi Yatre, the author's grandmother Krishtakka would listen to the story as her granddaughter (the author) read the episodes to her. She was so touched with the story that later, she could repeat the entire text by heart. She never went to school and so, she couldn't read it by herself. Afterwards, she used to join her friends at the temple park and would discuss the latest episodes [because Triveni was a popular writer and common people could relate to the complex psychological problems in her stories].She could relate to the protagonist of the story.  After she returns from enjoying a week-long wedding with her cousins, she finds her grandmother in tears. When she asks her what the matter was, her grandmother narrates the story of her life to the author. She expresses her grief of getting married very early and therefore not getting a chance to receive an education. She explains that while the author was away, Karmaveera came in as usual. But she couldn't read a single alphabet and felt very embarrassed, helpless and dependent. After this, she firmly decides that she will learn to read the Kannada alphabet from the next day onwards and keep the day of Saraswati Puja as the deadline. That day she would be able to read a novel by herself.  As a result, from the next day the author started her tuition and found her grandmother to be a very intelligent and hardworking student. She diligently did her homework and slowly learnt to read, repeat, write and recite.  When the Dussehra festival came as usual, the writer secretly bought Kashi Yatre which had been published as a novel by that time. The author got a gift of cotton material from her grandmother. Then suddenly her grandmother bent down and touched her feet. The author found this as extremely bizarre since elders never touch the feet of youngsters and thought that her grandmother had broken the rules of the tradition. But in response to that, her grandmother replied that she was touching the feet of a Guru (teacher), not her 12-year-old granddaughter as it was the custom that a teacher should be respected, irrespective of gender and age. She explained that her granddaughter was a very caring and loving teacher who taught her so well that she could easily read any novel confidently. This way, the author had helped her grandmother to become independent.  The story ends as the author gives the gift to her grandmother and her grandmother is able to read the title Kashi Yatre by Triveni and the publisher's name aloud all by herself.  List of children's books"
Jonathan Mridha;" Jonathan Mridha (born 8 April 1995) is a Swedish tennis player of Bangladeshi descent.[1][2]  Mridha has a career high ATP singles ranking of 444, achieved on 7 March 2022. He also has a career high ATP doubles ranking of 508 achieved on 9 May 2016.  Mridha made his ATP main draw doubles debut at the 2015 Swedish Open partnering Fred Simonsson where they reached the quarterfinals.  Mridha represents Sweden at the Davis Cup, where he has a W/L record of 1–1. He made his debut at the 2018 Davis Cup World Group Play-offs against Switzerland. In his first match he lost against Henri Laaksonen. Two days later he played the decider match against Sandro Ehrat and won the match in four sets.[3]    This biographical article relating to Swedish tennis is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.   indicates the outcome of the Davis Cup match followed by the score, date, place of event, the zonal classification and its phase, and the court surface. List of Sweden Davis Cup team representatives"
Tux Racer;"   Tux Racer is a 2000 open-source winter sports racing video game starring the Linux mascot, Tux the penguin. It was originally developed by Jasmin Patry as a computer graphics project at the University of Waterloo. Later on, Patry and the newly founded Sunspire Studios, composed of several former students of the university, expanded it. In the game, the player controls Tux as he slides down a course of snow and ice collecting herring.  Tux Racer was officially downloaded over one million times as of 2001. It also was well received, often being acclaimed for the graphics, fast-paced gameplay, and replayability, and was a fan favorite among Linux users and the free software community. The game's popularity secured the development of a commercialized release that included enhanced graphics and multiplayer, and it also became the first GPL-licensed game to receive an arcade adaptation. It is the only product that Sunspire Studios developed and released, after which the company liquidated. The free game's source code has led to it receiving forks, made by fans continuing its development.  Tux Racer is a racing game in which the player must control Tux across a mountainside. Tux can turn left, right, brake, jump, and paddle, and flap his wings. If the player presses the brakes and turn buttons, Tux will perform a tight turn. Pressing the paddling buttons on the ground gives Tux some additional speed. The paddling stops giving speed and in turn slows Tux down when the speedometer turns yellow. Tux can slide off slopes or charge his jumps to temporarily launch into midair, during which he can flap his flippers to fly farther and adjust his direction left or right. The player can also reset the penguin should he be stuck in any part of the course.[1]  Courses are composed of various terrain types that affect Tux's performance. Sliding on ice allows speeding at the expense of traction, and snow allows for more maneuverability. However, rocky patches slow him down,[2]: 193  as does crashing into trees.[3] The player gains points by collecting herrings scattered along the courses, and the faster the player finishes the course, the higher the score. Players can select cups, where progression is by completing a series of courses in order by satisfying up to three requirements: collecting sufficient herring, finishing the course below a specified time, and scoring enough points. Failing to meet all the criteria or aborting the race costs a life, and should the player lose all four lives, they must reenter the cup and start over.  During level selection, the player can choose daytime settings and weather conditions such as wind and fog that affect the gameplay.[1] Maps are composed of three separately saved raster layers that each determine a map's elevation, terrain layout,[3] and object placement.[4]  The commercial version of Tux Racer introduces new content. Besides Tux, players can select one of three other characters to race as: Samuel the seal, Boris the polar bear, and Neva the penguin.[5]: 6  Some courses contain jump and speed pads as power-ups, and players can perform tricks in midair to receive points.[5]: 4  They can participate in cups in one of the two events serving as game modes: the traditional "Solo Challenge" or the new "Race vs Opponents", where a computer opponent is added and must be defeated in order for the player to advance.[5]: 7  Courses are unlocked for completing unfinished cups. In non-campaign sessions, besides practicing,[5]: 9  players can also race in the two-player "Head to Head" local multiplayer mode, viewed on a split-screen.[5]: 10   Tux Racer was originally developed by Jasmin Patry, a student attending the University of Waterloo in Ontario, Canada, where he aimed to begin a career in the video game industry by pursuing a computer graphics degree.[6] Development of the game began in August 1999 as a final computer graphics project in Computer Graphics Lab, and was completed in three days to positive class reception.[6][7] A webpage for the game was then started, and someone suggested he release the game's source code.[6] Patry felt that made sense due to Tux being the mascot for the open-source Linux, and continued to work on the game before publicly uploading it to SourceForge for Linux under the free GNU General Public License on February 28, 2000, hoping others would join in on developing it.[3][6][8] This early version featured a very basic gameplay that consisted of Tux sliding down a hill of snow, ice, rock, and trees for Tux to avoid along the way. To write the game, Patry tended to use free premade content such as textures borrowed from websites, rather than original content made from scratch.[3]  In December 1999, Patry, fine arts students Rick Knowles and Mark Riddell, and computer graphics students Patrick Gilhuly, Eric Hall, and Rob Kroeger announced the foundation of the company Sunspire Studios to develop a video game project.[6] Patry stated the game would have a massively multiplayer and a persistent universe with real-time strategy and first-person shooter components. Since their ideas were limited by that time's 3D engines, they embarked on creating their own, which according to Patry would make Quake 3 and Unreal engine look "tame" in comparison. Fine arts undergraduate classmate Roger Fernandez was chosen as the artist. The project was eventually abandoned due to it being a "massive undertaking,"[6] and in August 2000, Knowles suggested the company resume working on Tux Racer, which became their first official project.[6] Continued development of the free version was swift, numerous elements such as herrings, jumping, and a soundtrack, as well as graphical improvements, were added in just three weeks. Porting the game from Linux to Windows was easy, as it used cross-platform tools such as OpenGL and Simple DirectMedia Layer.[6] A major update including those improvements, version 0.60, was freely uploaded to SourceForge for both Linux and Windows on October 2, 2000.[9] A minor patch for that release was often included in most Linux distributions,[2]: 191  and a port for Macintosh was released in November 21, 2000.[10]  On February 5, 2002, Sunspire Studios released in retail a closed-source and commercial expansion of the game titled Tux Racer, with each CD designed to support both Linux and Windows operating systems.[12][13] Improvements from the open-source version include a vastly enhanced engine and graphics, the ability to perform tricks, character selection, and competitive multiplayer.[14] The open-source version of Tux Racer, however, remained available to download on SourceForge.[2]: 191  Sunspire Studios ceased business in the early- to mid-2000s.[12]  Since its inception, Tux Racer has seen unofficial forks and updates.[15] One of the most popular examples is Extreme Tux Racer, released in September 2007 and itself based on a previous fork, PlanetPenguin Racer.[16][17] An arcade version of the game was released by Roxor Games,[18] making it the first GPL-licensed video game to receive an arcade adaption.[11]  The game and subsequent forks have also been ported to various other platforms, for instance Android and Ubuntu Touch.  Tux Racer was well-received, with the latest version seeing over one million downloads as of October 2001 since its release in January, according to Sunspire Studios.[10][11] It was a personal fan favorite among Linux users, who often ranked it as the best or one of the best free games.[19][20][21][22][23][24][25] In August 2000, Lee Anderson of LinuxWorld.com commended the game's graphics, speed, and the easiness of the ability to create tracks.[3] In 2001, TuxRadar said the game provided a "shining light" of what free applications could achieve.[26] In its 2001 preview, the Brazilian magazine SuperGamePower considered the game's graphics to be the best aspect and described the sound as not innovative, but good.[27] Also in 2001, MacAddict compared the game's fast-paced style to podracing in Star Wars and summed up the Macintosh port as "more fun than words can describe."[28]  The commercial version of Tux Racer attracted little attention. Andon Logvinov of Igromania described it as a "pure arcade game" featuring nothing but four selectable characters and a set of courses with fish scattered about. He described the gameplay as calm and addictive and the music as relaxing, and praised the character models and track layout, with his only criticism being the system requirements. [29] Seiji Nakamura of the Japanese website Game Watch described it as cute and humorous and praised the game's graphics and shadow and reflection effects, but found the game to lack appeal for adults.[30]  Even after its production's cessation, Tux Racer has continued to be generally well-received, largely concerning its forks. Linux Journal gave it an Editors' Choice Award in the "Game or Entertainment Software" category in 2005.[11] Digit applauded the graphics and replayability, as well as the speed of the game and the abundance of courses, but found the music to be monotonous.[31] Daniel Voicu of Softpedia praised the Extreme Tux Racer fork for being relaxing and funny and having the ability to reset Tux, as well as noted the game's fast pace, but criticized its perceived lack of interactivity and having Tux look like a "plastic puppet."[32] Linux For You also called the fork entertaining, but also criticized its bugs and the "plastic" look of Tux.[33]  WW: February 28, 2000 WW: October 2, 2000 WW: November 21, 2000 SuperTuxKart, another racing video game featuring Tux and friends"
Beaudry Leman;" Beaudry Leman (January 2, 1878 – 1951) was a Canadian civil engineer, politician and banker. He was the third mayor of Shawinigan Falls, Quebec (1902–1908).[1] He was general manager of the Banque d'Hochelaga (1914–1924) and general manager (1924–1933) and president (1934–1947) of the Banque Canadienne Nationale.  Jean-Baptiste-Beaudry Leman was born in 1878 in Montreal, the son of Joseph Leman (1842–1885), physician, and Polyxène Beaudry (1842–1917).[2] From 1895 to 1899, he studied at université catholique de Lille, where he obtained the title of civil engineer. Back in Montreal in 1899, he studied one year at McGill University and obtained the diploma of engineer. In 1900, he became an engineer with the Shawinigan Water & Power Company.[3] He moved to Shawinigan Falls in 1900. He took part in the installation of the power plant and of the distribution network of the SW&P.  In 1902, Leman was elected mayor of the City of Shawinigan Falls in a close contest, winning only by a single ballot against J.A. Frigon. Leman was reelected as mayor in 1904 and in 1906. In 1906, he left the Shawinigan Water & Power Company and became involved in the construction of the Saint Maurice Valley railroad. In 1907, he left Shawinigan Falls and resigned as mayor, but his resignation became official in 1908.  in 1907, he moved to Montreal, where he was involved in construction works such as canalization and hydroelectric works.  On May 12, 1908, Beaudry Leman married Caroline Béique,[4] daughter of Frédéric Liguori Béique,[3] one of the founders of the Banque d'Hochelaga.  In 1912, Leman entered in the service of the Banque d'Hochelaga, initially as superintendent of the bank's branches. In 1914, he was appointed general manager of the bank. In 1924, when the Banque d'Hochelaga and the Banque Nationale merged to form the Banque Canadienne Nationale, Leman became general manager of the merged bank, and he held that position until 1933. In 1933, Leman became vice-president of the Banque Canadienne Nationale, and in 1934 he became the president of the bank,[3] holding that position until 1947.[5][6] In 1947, he became chairman of the board.[7]  Leman was appointed as a member of several advisory committees by the federal government. He was a member of the advisory committee on the canalisation of the St. Lawrence River. In 1931–1932, he was a member of the Royal Commission to Inquire into Railways and Transportation in Canada. In 1933, he was a member of the Royal Commission on Banking and Currency in Canada,[8] created by the Bennett government. Three of the five members of the commission recommended the creation of the Bank of Canada, although Beaudry Leman was one of the two minority members opposed to that creation.[9]  He was director of many companies, including Shawinigan Water & Power, Quebec Power, Canada Steamship Lines, Fairchild Aircraft, Ogilvie Flour Mills, Delaware & Hudson Railway Corp., Montreal Tramways, Provincial Transport Co., Canadian Airways Ltd, Consolidated Bakeries, and Crédit Foncier Franco Canadien. He was vice-president of Allied War Supplies Ltd.[10]  He died in 1951 and was entombed at the Notre Dame des Neiges Cemetery in Montreal.[11]  Avenue Beaudry-Leman, in the Sainte-Croix neighborhood in Shawinigan, was named to honor him.  The Jean-Baptiste-Beaudry-Leman house, built in 1936, is located in the Outremont neighbourhood in Montreal. It was one of the first international-style houses built in Montreal.[12]  Written versions of some of Beaudry Leman's speeches were published as brochures.  Les institutions de crédit, Bibliothèque de l'Action française, 1920, 15 p. Trois chapitres d'histoire monétaire canadienne, 1940, 6 p. [Comments on the] Rapport Rowell-Sirois, 1941, 17 p. Commentaires sur l'économie de guerre, 1942, 15 p. Comments arising from the revision of the Bank Act, 1944, 19 p. Hier et demain, Recueil de causeries, Banque canadienne nationale, 1952, 242 p."
Albrecht Konrad Finck von Finckenstein;"   Count Albrecht Konrad Reinhold Finck von Finckenstein (30 October 1660 – 16 December 1735) was a Prussian nobleman, field marshal and statesman.  Finck von Finckenstein came from ancient Prussian nobility or according to the Imperial Count Diploma originally from Carinthia and was the son of a Prussian chamberlain.  He was born in Saberau, East Prussia[1] and became a Prussian field marshal and tutor to two Prussian crown princes, Governor of Pillau, general of a regiment, knight of the Order of the Black Eagle, Knight of the Order of St John, Captain to Krossen, as well as Master of the Finckenstein estate.  He went into Dutch, then French war service, but resigned from French service when Louis XIV mobilized against Germany and destroyed Heidelberg and the Heidelberg Castle in 1689. He acquired a position as a Prussian Major in 1689 through "prudence and moderation, as well as exceptional conduct". He was Lord Chamberlain for two crown princes, became in 1710 Imperial Count (Reichsgraf) of the Holy Roman Empire and Count (Graf) in Prussia after the Battle of Malplaquet in which he successfully led the Prussian forces under Prince Eugene. His military career culminated in 1733 when he was made Prussian field marshal.  In the years 1716 to 1720, Finck von Finckenstein had Finckenstein Palace built after the design of John von Collas. "
Canton of Lhuis;" The canton of Lhuis  is a former administrative division in eastern France. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It had 5,769 inhabitants (2012).[1]  The canton comprised 12 communes:[1]  Coordinates: 45°44′53″N 5°32′04″E﻿ / ﻿45.74806°N 5.53444°E﻿ / 45.74806, 5.53444    This Ain geographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Bénonces Briord Groslée Innimond Lhuis Lompnas Marchamp Montagnieu Ordonnaz Saint-Benoît Seillonnaz Serrières-de-Briord Cantons of the Ain department"
Giuseppe Ticli;"   Giuseppe Ticli (born 5 April 1979) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder. He spent his whole professional career at lower division, especially in Serie C1 and Serie C2.  Born in Vizzolo Predabissi, The Province of Milan, Ticli started his career at Internazionale. In mid-1999, he left on loan to Padova of Serie C2, then Arezzo of Serie C1, along with Nello Russo, Giovanni Passiglia and Cristian Lizzori.[1] In 2001–02 season, he played for Reggiana of Serie C1, which the club signed him in a co-ownership deal for 1,000 million lire (€516,457),[2] and San Marino Calcio of Serie C2. In June 2002 Inter bought back Ticli[3] and he signed for Monza of Serie C2, the only club he played for two seasons.  In summer 2003, he was involved a swap deal with A.C. Milan, which Ticli, Alessandro Livi, Salvatore Ferraro, and Marco Varaldi moved to AC Milan (50% for €1.75M except Livi, €1.725M), Matteo Giordano, Ronny Diuk Toma, Simone Brunelli and Matteo Deinite moved to Inter (50% for €1.5M each). Later the deal was criticized by press as made false profit to balance sheet, as the transfer fees was paid via player exchange, but in balance sheet, the nominal value could be adjusted by two clubs. The tactics is commonly used to make the transfer fees larger in Italian football.[4][5]  He stayed at Monza, by then part of the Province of Milan for another season. In 2004–05 season, he left on loan to Lanciano of Serie C1, then in 2005–06 season for Serie B club Catanzaro. In January 2006, he left for Pro Patria of Serie C1 on loan.  In June 2007, the co-ownership agreement ended with AC Milan fully contracted with Ticli,[6] but then he was released.  In January 2008, he returned to Lombardy for Pavia of Serie C2 before retired from professional football. "
Take Me to the Country;" "Take Me to the Country" is a song recorded by American country music artist, Mel McDaniel.[1] It was released in March 1982 as the second single from McDaniel's album Take Me to the Country.  It peaked at number 10 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart and at number 22 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks chart. It was written by Ronny Scaife, Don Singleton and Larry Rogers. "
Choloy-Ménillot;" Choloy-Ménillot (French pronunciation: ​[ʃɔlwa menijo]) is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in north-eastern France.[3]  It is located 28 kilometres west of Nancy and 5 kilometres west of Toul.  Near the village is the Royal Canadian Air Force Cemetery Choloy, which contains the remains of Canadian military personnel or their family members  who died while serving with the Canadian No. 1 Air Division during the Cold War period of the 1950s and 1960s.  It also contains graves of Canadian and Commonwealth aircrew who died in World War II, including: RCAF pilot Andy Watson, 21, from Hamilton, Ont., who stayed with his Lancaster while the rest of the crew, Australian Hurricane pilot Les Clisby, who died during the Battle of France in 1940, and was the first RAF ace of the war to be lost in action, and New Zealand Hurricane pilot Cobber Kain, first RAF ace of the war, who also died during the Battle of France.    This Meurthe-et-Moselle geographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Chemin de fer du Val de Passey Communes of the Meurthe-et-Moselle department"
Lake Brook (West Branch Delaware River tributary);" Lake Brook is a river in Delaware County, New York. It drains Odell Lake and flows south before converging with the West Branch Delaware River west of Hobart.[3] "
Kapice;" Kapice may refer to the following places:  Kapice, Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland) Kapice, Podlaskie Voivodeship (north-east Poland) Kapice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship (north-west Poland)"
Bandera, Texas;"   Bandera (Spanish: "flag", /bænˈdɛrə/ ban-DERR-ə) is the county seat of Bandera County, Texas, United States, in the Texas Hill Country, which is part of the Edwards Plateau.[5] The population was 857 at the 2010 census.[6]  Bandera calls itself the "Cowboy Capital of the World".  A visitor to Bandera can see a sign on Main Street in front of the fire department that states that Bandera was founded by Polish Roman Catholic immigrants from Upper Silesia. St. Stanislaus Catholic Church was built by those immigrants, and the church is one of the oldest in Texas. Many of the residents are descended from those original Polish immigrants.  Several stories exist regarding the origin of the name "Bandera". One says that in the 19th century, a flag was placed at the top of a path that came to be called Bandera Pass, due to bandera being the Spanish word for flag.  Bandera was on the Great Western Cattle Trail, during the second half of the 19th century.  Bandera is located in east-central Bandera County at 29°44′N 99°4′W﻿ / ﻿29.733°N 99.067°W﻿ / 29.733, -99.067 (29.7258, −99.0750).[7] It is 47 miles (76 km) northwest of downtown San Antonio, on the Medina River.  According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 1.2 sq mi (3.1 km2), of which 0.008 sq mi (0.02 km2), or 0.55%, is covered by water.[6]  As of the 2020 United States census, there were 829 people, 240 households, and 118 families residing in the city.  As of the census of 2000, 957 people, 408 households, and 239 families were residing in the city. The population density was 820.2/sq mi (316.7/km2). The 488 housing units averaged 418.2/sq mi (161.5/km2). The racial makeup of the city was 94.98% White, 0.21% African American, 0.52% Native American, 2.51% from other races, and 1.78% from two or more races. Hispanics  or Latinos of any race were 21.84% of the population.  Of the 408 households,  24.5% had children under 18 living with them, 43.4% were married couples living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.4% were not families. About 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.22, and the average family size was 2.86.  In the city, the age distribution was 21.5% under 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 25.1% who were 65  or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.3 males.  The median income for a household in the city was $31,089, and  for a family was $36,500. Males had a median income of $27,604 versus $17,813 for females. The per capita income for the city was $16,502. About 11.0% of families and 15.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.0% of those under age 18 and 17.1% of those age 65 or over.  Bandera is served by the Bandera Independent School District and home to the Bandera High School Bulldogs.  The First Baptist Church of Bandera  Entrance to the Frontier Times Museum in Bandera  Outdoor mural reflects the theme of Bandera as the "Cowboy Capital of the World"  Motorcyclists in Bandera  Bandera Courthouse  Old downtown store  Old bank on Main St. & older water tower  Bandera is featured in the 1980 CBS unsold pilot Jake's Way, which starred Robert Fuller, Michael Jaymes, Andrew Duggan,  Slim Pickens, and newcomers Lisa LeMole, Stephen McNaughton (credited as Steven McNaughton), and Ben Lemon, and was produced by Disney Television Studios and Barry and Enright Productions. The city is home of Arkey Blue's Silver Dollar, a famous Hill Country honky-tonk, and was included in the 1975 horror film, Race with the Devil.[12] On Sunday mornings, Bandera is a popular destination for motorcyclists from San Antonio, known as the Bandera Breakfast Run. Bandera is home to the Bandera Riverfest that takes place in June each year on the Medina River, offering tubing, kayaking, cookoffs, and live music throughout the weekend. Willie Nelson has an instrumental called "Bandera" on his Red Headed Stranger record. "The Bandera Waltz" was written by Easy Adams in 1949, and has been recorded by the Texas Top Hands, Slim Whitman, and Bruce Robison. Bandera was once home to singer-songwriter Robert Earl Keen. Bandera is the hometown of singer-songwriter brothers Bruce and Charlie Robison. The rugged Hill Country State Natural Area is the location of the Bandera 100K trail run and the Cactus Rose 100-mile endurance run, two of the toughest ultramarathons in Texas. Both are hosted annually by race director and veteran trail runner Joe Prusaitis. The Bandera Downs horseracing facility lies just northeast of town. It is now closed. The Mayan Dude Ranch and the Dixie Dude Ranch, both over 50 years old, are located in Bandera. The Frontier Times Museum, founded by J. Marvin Hunter and named for Hunter's Frontier Times magazine, is located in Bandera.  Strzelce Opolskie, Poland[13]  Tysmenytsia, Ukraine[13]    The First Baptist Church of Bandera       Entrance to the Frontier Times Museum in Bandera       Outdoor mural reflects the theme of Bandera as the "Cowboy Capital of the World"       Motorcyclists in Bandera       Bandera Courthouse       Old downtown store       Old bank on Main St. & older water tower   "
Robert Dudley alias Sutton;"   Robert Dudley alias Sutton (1471/1472 – 1539), was an English politician.  He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Shrewsbury in 1529 and 1536.[1]    This article about a Member of the Parliament of England during the fifth Parliament of Henry VIII, November 1529 to April 1536 is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Four Eyes;" Four Eyes is an American comic book series published by Image Comics beginning in 2008. The comic was created by writer Joe Kelly and artist Max Fiumara  and chronicles a revenge story set in Brooklyn, NYC.  As Joe Kelly states, Four Eyes is about "a boy who’s trying to get back at a gang that’s directly responsible for his dad’s death...the world in which they live is a world where underground dragon fighting is entertainment for the masses."[1]  The title, Four Eyes comes from the name given to the dragon which befriends Enrico, the young boy who is the center character of the story.  The neglected and deformed runt of a dragon which has four eyes and is not able to use them efficiently, thus making it not very suitable for fighting.  The concept for Four Eyes first came to Kelly several years ago, and began with a simple image in his head. “A boy with a dragon on a chain in front of an old car,” said the writer, “like a Studebaker or old Ford - and the Brooklyn Bridge in the background. He didn't have any shoes on, and I thought it was the Great Depression. I didn't know what it meant, really, but all of a sudden, the idea of a revenge story kicked in, the struggles of the Depression and how people needed things to keep their minds off of their troubles, illegal gambling, and that dragon? Dragon fighting? That's sort of it, an image blossoming.” [2]  Kelly has designed Four Eyes as an epic story to be told in a series of arcs. In the first year, Kelly said, readers will learn "what happens to Enrico's dad and how a little boy learns about the dark underbelly of his father's other life. We’ll see his first dragon hunt and how he ultimately gets Four Eyes. Then, the long road to training his dragon - what a kid has to do to hide this very illegal animal, work with it, and turn it into a killer. Then, of course Four Eyes' first battle."[2] "
Martin Lauritzen;" Martin Johannes Lauritzen (born 1952) is a Danish neuroscientist.[1] He is Professor of Translational Neurobiology at the Department of Neuroscience, University of Copenhagen, Denmark and Professor of Clinical Neurophysiology at the Department of Neurophysiology, Rigshospitalet (The National Hospital of Denmark).[2]  Martin Johannes Lauritzen is born 1952 in Copenhagen, Denmark. He earned his medical degree in 1978 and his Doctorate of Science (D.Med.Sci.) in 1988, both from University of Copenhagen, Denmark.[3][4]  From 1980-85 Lauritzen worked as a Research Associate at the Department of Neurology at Rigshospitalet, at the Department of General Physiology at University of Copenhagen and at the Department of Biophysics and Physiology at New York University. From 1985 to 1994, he got his clinical education at Copenhagen University Hospitals. In 1994, he started working as Senior Consultant and later Head of Department of Clinical Neurophysiology at Glostrup Hospital (later Rigshospitalet Glostrup) and became Clinical Professor of Clinical Neurophysiology at the University of Copenhagen in 1998. In 2004, Lauritzen was a visiting professor at the Department of Experimental Neurology at Klinikum Charité, Humboldt University. Since 2007, Lauritzen is also employed as Professor of Translational Neurobiology at the Department of Neuroscience, University of Copenhagen, Denmark.[5][6] Lauritzen has led a number of large research initiatives including a Strategic Brain Research Program at University of Copenhagen known as ‘Body & Mind’. In 2003 he was a founding member of the steering committee for COSBID, a large multi-center study of elucidating the mechanisms of acute brain disorders with focus on the impact of ‘brain tsunamis’, i.e. cortical spreading depolarization waves for the outcome of patients with brain trauma, hemorrhage and stroke.[7][8] In 2009, Lauritzen was one of the co-founders of the national Center for Healthy Aging (2009), and he has been a principal investigator of the mechanisms of cognitive decline in brain aging including both animal experimental and human research.[9][10][11][12] From 2009–2018, Lauritzen was Editor-in-chief of the Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow and Metabolism and since 2018 he is consulting editor of the Journal.[13] Lauritzen currently serves as Director of the Lundbeck Foundation Research Initiative on Brain Barriers and Drug Delivery.[14]  Lauritzen studies the mechanism of brain blood vessels, and the regulation of the cerebral circulation and the blood-brain barrier (BBB) in health and disease.[15][16] In his early carrier he identified the cortical mechanism that underlie migraine in patients as a cortical spreading depolarization wave,[17] and he showed that the same mechanism contribute importantly to brain pathology in acute brain injuries.[18][19][20] Now, using mouse models he has revealed new elements of the regulation of brain vascular responses to stimulation,[21][22][23][24] and key mechanisms that guide vascular cells to direct oxygen and glucose to active nerve cells.[25][26] Lauritzen has investigated the blood-brain barrier as diffusional barrier for macromolecules, that specific parts of small blood vessels control the trafficking of substances from blood and brain[27] and that signalling molecules in the blood contribute to vascular barrier properties.[28][29] His studies unravel pathophysiological mechanisms in acute brain disorders, and communication pathways between nerve networks and blood vessels needed to control brain energy supply in health and disease.  2017: Member of Academia Europaea[30] 2016: Niels A. Lassen Prize[31] 2004: Humboldt Research Award in Medicine (Alexander von Humboldt Stiftung, Germany)[32] 1992: Arnold Friedman Distinguished Clinician/Researcher Award (American Headache Association).[33] 1985: Fulbright Scholarship, Department of Biophysics, New York University, NY, USA.[34] 1982: Harold G. Wolff Award (American Headache Association).[35] 1982: Award of the Danish Neurological Society.[36]"
Workers' Party (Costa Rica);" The Workers' Party (Spanish: Partido de los Trabajadores) is a far-left Trotskyist political party of Costa Rica. The party was founded on 1 May 2012 on the basis of the student organization Movement toward Socialism led by labor union leader and lawyer Hector Monestel,[1] and currently holds no seats in parliament nor municipal offices. It is a member of the International Workers League – Fourth International. Highly critical of the more moderate Broad Front (the main left-wing party of Costa Rica), it proclaims itself as a "classist and socialist alternative". Internationalism is one of its guidelines and as such it proposes the re-establishment of the Federal Republic of Central America abolished in 1838, reuniting all Central American countries in one single socialist Federation. It also defends feminist, environmentalist and pro-LGBTI ideas.[citation needed]  The party contested the 2014 elections with Monestel as nominee obtaining 4,897 votos (0,24%) for the presidential ticket and 12,998 votos (0.63%) for the parliamentary ticket gaining no seats.[2] It took part in the mid-period 2016 municipal elections obtaining only 742 votes, reason why the Electoral Court disbanded the party as Costa Rica's electoral law requires a minimal of 3000 votes for a party to keep legal standing. The party had to make all the process for inscription once again starting as new, successfully registering again for the 2018 Costa Rican general election[3] nominating labor union leader and high school teacher Jhon Vega as candidate, the party received 4,060 votes and was the least voted option.[2]  Politics of Costa Rica Political parties Elections"
William O'Neill (Medal of Honor);" William O'Neill (1848 – unknown) was an American soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 4th U.S. Cavalry during the Indian Wars. He was one of several men who received the Medal of Honor for gallantry while fighting the Comanche at Red River of the South on September 29, 1872.  William O'Neill was born in Tariffville, Connecticut in 1848. He later moved to New York City, New York where he enlisted in the U.S. Army. O'Neill was assigned to frontier duty with Company I of the 4th U.S. Cavalry and later took part in the Red River War. In late-September 1872, O'Neill was among the cavalry troopers who followed Colonel Ranald Slidell Mackenzie in an expedition over the Staked Plains of Texas. After a one-day march to reach the North Fork of the Red River, his regiment encountered large encampment of 280 Comanche warriors on September 29. Although the cavalrymen attempted to take the enemy by surprise, the Indians' ponies stampeded at the soldiers approach alerting the camp. Engaged in fierce combat with the Comanche, O'Neill and his company led the advance and were able to secure the camp with the loss of only one trooper killed and three others wounded. The Mow-wi tribe of Comanche, who lost 23 braves in the battle, were humbled by this victory and surrendered at Fort Sill ending 17 years of continuous warfare. On November 19, 1872, O'Neill was among the soldiers who received the Medal of Honor for "bravery in action".[1][2][3][4][5][6][7][8] A memorial marker was also erected in his memory at Fort Concho National Historic Landmark in San Angelo, Texas.[9]  Rank and organization: Corporal, Company I, 4th U.S. Cavalry. Place and date: At Red River, Tex., 29 September 1872. Entered service at: ------. Birth: Tariffville, Conn. Date of issue: 19 November 1872.  Citation:  Bravery in action.[10] Biography portal List of Medal of Honor recipients for the Indian Wars"
Amar Singh;" Amar Singh may refer to:  Amar Singh (cricketer) (1910–1940), Indian test cricketer Amar Singh (politician) (1956–2020), Indian politician Amar Singh Chamkila (1961–1988), Punjabi singer, songwriter, musician, and composer Amar Singh Thapa (1751–?), commander of the Nepal Army Amar Singh Thapa (sardar), Nepalese general and Governor of Palpa Amar Singh Rathore (1613–1644), 17th-century nobleman Amar Singh Shaunki (1916–1981), singer Amar Singh I (1559–1620), ruler of Mewar, Udaipur 1597-1620 Amar Singh II (1672–1710), ruler of Mewar 1698–1710 Amar Singh (general), 13th century military general of Brahmachal, greater Sylhet Amar Singh (Punjab politician), MP for Fatehgarh Sahib, Punjab Amar Singh (art dealer) (born 1989), art gallerist and activist Amar Singh College, Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir Amar Singh Gate, another name for the Lahore Gate of Agra Fort"
Nielubowicz;" Nielubowicz is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:  Mary Joan Nielubowicz (1929–2008), American nurse Piotr Nielubowicz, Polish manager All pages with titles containing Nielubowicz"
Robert Pattinson (disambiguation);" Robert Pattinson (born 1986) is an English actor.  Robert Pattinson may also refer to:  Robert Pattinson (politician), MP for Grantham Sir Robert Pattinson Academy, North Hykeham, Lincolnshire, England Bob Pattinson (1933–1963), Australian rules footballer Robert E. Pattison (1850–1904), governor of Pennsylvania Robert Patterson (disambiguation) Robert Paterson (disambiguation)"
Dr. Herbert H. Hughes House;" The Dr. Herbert H. Hughes House is a historic house located at 1229 West Powell Boulevard in Gresham, Oregon.  The 1+1⁄2-story house was built in 1922 and was designed by architect Frank Gibbs. It displays characteristics of the Colonial Style in its symmetry, side facing gable roof, large brick chimney, fanlight eyebrow dormers, central arched entrance porch, massive Doric porch posts, multi-pane windows, the decorative broken pediment over the wide multi-pane entrance door, and wood shingle siding.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 5, 2001.[1]    This Oregon-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. National Register of Historic Places listings in Multnomah County, Oregon"
Kameda, Niigata;" Kameda (亀田町, Kameda-machi) was a town located in Nakakanbara District, Niigata Prefecture, Japan.  As of 2003, the town had an estimated population of 32,386 and a density of 1,925.45 persons per km². The total area was 16.82 km².  On March 21, 2005, Kameda, along with the cities of Niitsu, Shirone and Toyosaka, the towns of Kosudo and Yokogoshi (all from Nakakanbara District), the town of Nishikawa, and the villages of Ajikata, Iwamuro, Katahigashi, Nakanokuchi and Tsukigata (all from Nishikanbara District), was merged into the expanded city of Niigata. As of April 1, 2007, the area is part of the Kōnan-ku ward.  Coordinates: 37°52′4″N 139°5′39″E﻿ / ﻿37.86778°N 139.09417°E﻿ / 37.86778, 139.09417    This Niigata Prefecture location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Kōnan-ku, Niigata Niigata, Niigata Kameda Station Niigata Kōnan-ku website (in Japanese) Welcome to Konan Ward - Niigata City (in English) v t e Kurosaki Niitsu Shirone Toyosaka Kameda Kosudo Yokogoshi Ajikata Iwamuro Katahigashi Maki Nakanokuchi Nishikawa Tsukigata Arakawa Asahi Kamihayashi Sanpoku Kurokawa Nakajō Toyoura Kajikawa Shiunji Kyōgase Sasakami Suibara Yasuda Muramatsu Kamikawa Kanose Mikawa Tsugawa Bunsui Yoshida Sakae Shitada Koshiji Mishima Nakanoshima Oguni Yamakoshi Tochio Teradomari Washima Yoita Kawaguchi Nishiyama Takayanagi Kawanishi Matsudai Matsunoyama Nakasato Hirokami Horinouchi Irihirose Koide Sumon Yunotani Muikamachi Yamato Shiozawa Itakura Kakizaki Kiyosato Kubiki Maki Nadachi Nakagō Ōgata Ōshima Sanwa Uragawara Yasuzuka Yoshikawa Myōkō Myōkōkōgen Nō Ōmi Ryōtsu Aikawa Akadomari Hamochi Hatano Kanai Mano Niibo Ogi Sawata VIAF 1 1 WorldCat Japan v t e"
The Oath (Wiesel novel);" The Oath (original title, French: Le serment de Kolvillàg) is a novel by Elie Wiesel. It tells the story of Azriel, the only surviving Jewish member of the small (fictionally named) Hungarian town of Kolvillàg after a pogrom perpetrated by neighboring Christians.[1] Azriel carries the secret of Kolvillàg's destruction within him, forbidden to share his experiences. However, when Azriel meets a young man on the brink of suicide fifty years later, he realizes that he must pass on his secret to save the young man's life - yet he is bound by his promise to the dead.  Le serment de Kolvillàg is a work told in fragments - the point of view changes from present-day Azriel, the Azriel of the past, the young man in the present, and the young man's past. It is unstructured to the point where it borders on Surrealism. Some of the themes of Le serment de Kolvillag include pogroms, death, old age, secrecy, silence, and modernity.    This article about a novel on The Holocaust first published in the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page. Novels portal"
KHGG-FM;" KHGG-FM is a radio station in Mansfield, Arkansas, broadcasting at 103.5 MHz FM to the Fort Smith market, ranked by Arbitron as the nation's 176th largest market.[1]  The station was originally a low-power FM station with the call letters KRWA (K Radio Waldron Arkansas), playing country music and southern gospel. It was put on the air by Haskell Jones, who owned two radio stations in DeQueen at the time. KRWA went through a number of owners. After a power upgrade by Family Communications in 2003, it received a license to broadcast with 50,000 watts of power. The signal can currently be heard in most of Western Arkansas and Eastern Oklahoma.  Pharis Broadcasting purchased the station in 2003, installing an adult contemporary format. The station was known as "Hit 103" for nearly two years. In March 2005, the station installed an all sports format utilizing Fox Sports Radio.  On October 6, 2017, KHGG-FM went silent, while its programming remains on KAGE 1580 AM Van Buren.[2]  Until October 2017, the station was the area's official home for Arkansas Razorbacks football, basketball, and baseball. It is also home of the Dallas Cowboys. Other area colleges and high school sporting events including the UAFS Lions basketball games can be heard on the station throughout the winter.  The station is owned and operated by Pharis Broadcasting.  Coordinates: 34°58′44″N 93°56′42″W﻿ / ﻿34.979°N 93.945°W﻿ / 34.979, -93.945    This article about a radio station in Arkansas is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Mansfield, Arkansas"
Jade Bight;" The Jade Bight[1][2] (or Jade Bay,[3] German: Jadebusen) is a bight or bay on the North Sea coast of Germany. It was formerly known simply as Jade or Jahde. Because of the very low input of freshwater, it is classified as a bay rather than an estuary.[4]  About 180 km² (70 mi²) in area, the Jade was largely created by storm floods during the 13th and 16th centuries. Since the early 14th century, it has joined eastward to the estuary of the river Weser. For some time, there were three permanent connecting branches and one flood bed between the river and the bight, forming an estuarine delta. The first of these junctions was closed in 1450 by dikes and the last one in 1515. However, about a century passed before most of the area flooded by these connections was regained for pasture and arable land.  In the west, the Jade extended far into the Frisian peninsula. From the early 16th century, a number of dikes were built against the storm floods and to gain arable land. The main dike, Ellenser Damm, was built between 1596 and 1615 by the County of Oldenburg before the agreement with the objecting County of East Frisia was finished successfully.  The extension of Jade Bight and its branches fragmented the free Frisian territory of Rüstringen in Bant in the northwest, most of which has disappeared in the waves, Bovenjadingen ('above the Jade') with the low moraine hills of Friesische Wehde in the southwest, Butjadingen ('outside the Jade') in the northeast, which was an island for almost two centuries, and Stadland ('bank-land'), which became a narrow island along the left bank of the Weser in 1384. The devastation by floods and the losses of land weakened the Frisian community. In the years about 1400, the Free City of Bremen tried to rule Stadland and Butjadingen. At the beginning of 16th century, all countries around Jade Bight were conquered by the Counts of Oldenburg.  Together with the conquest of the island of Stadland, the Lockfleth, the largest branch of the Weser delta, was interrupted by a dike at Ovelgönne in 1515. In the next years the water course was cut off at more sites. The most important projects prior to 1650 were the Ellenser Damm across the Schwarzes Brack in the west of the bay in 1596 to 1615 and the New Hoben-Dike in the east in 1643. South of this dike, the coast became a mossy bog. The bog was affected by high floods, and dikes built on the bog proved to be very fragile.  Tidal flows make the neck of Jade Bight the deepest natural channel near Germany's North Sea coast. In 1853, the Kingdom of Prussia bought a part of the western shore of the bay from Oldenburg, in order to use the harbour as a Prussian naval base, later called Wilhelmshaven. During World War I, the German High Seas Fleet (Hochseeflotte), the main battle fleet of the Imperial German Navy (Kaiserliche Marine), was based at Wilhelmshaven in the Jade Bight. After World War II, Wilhelmshaven became the main German port for the import of petroleum.  The foreshore areas of Jade Bight form a part of the German Wadden Sea National Parks.  Coordinates: 53°27′N 8°12′E﻿ / ﻿53.450°N 8.200°E﻿ / 53.450, 8.200 "
Robert Fuller Murray;" Robert Fuller Murray (1863–1894), was a Victorian poet. Although born in the United States, Murray lived most of his life in the United Kingdom, most notably in St Andrews, Scotland. He wrote two books of poetry and was published occasionally in periodicals.  Murray was born 26 December 1863 in Roxbury, Massachusetts, son of Emmeline and John Murray, the latter a Scotsman and a Unitarian minister. In 1869 his father took him to Kelso and from that point on, except for a brief visit to Egypt, he stayed in the U.K. He attended grammar school in Ilminster and Crewkerne and in 1881 he entered the University of St Andrews. In 1886 his father died. He worked for a while assisting John M. D. Meiklejohn, Professor of the Theory, History, and Practice of Education at the University of St Andrews,[1] and contributed some poems to the school newspaper. In 1889 he left St Andrews and worked in Edinburgh at low-level journalism, including a period of employment at the Scottish Leader. He began to have frequent bouts of colds. In 1890 he returned to St Andrews, where he contributed occasionally to Longman's Magazine. At this point it became clear he had the beginnings of "consumption" (likely tuberculosis). In 1891 he went to Egypt, but his stay was short as disliked it. He again returned to St Andrews, and his first book, The Scarlet Gown, was published. His second book, Robert F. Murray: His Poems with a Memoir,[2] was published in 1894 after his death. The volume includes a lengthy biographical introduction by Andrew Lang. In attempting to place Murray in the context of his contemporaries, Lang said:  The Scarlet Gown (1891) Robert F. Murray, His Poems with a Memoir (1894)"
The Price Is Right (American game show);"   The Price Is Right is an American television game show created by Bob Stewart, Mark Goodson and Bill Todman where contestants compete by guessing the prices of merchandise to win cash and prizes. Contestants are selected from the studio audience as the announcer calls their names and invokes the show's famous catchphrase, "Come on down!"  The program premiered on September 4, 1972, on CBS. Bob Barker was the series' longest-running host from its 1972 debut until his retirement in June 2007, when Drew Carey took over. Barker was accompanied by a series of announcers, beginning with Johnny Olson, followed by Rod Roddy and Rich Fields. In April 2011, George Gray became the announcer. The show has used several models, most notably Anitra Ford, Janice Pennington, Dian Parkinson, Holly Hallstrom, and Kathleen Bradley. While retaining some elements of the original 1956 version of the show, the 1972 version has added many new distinctive gameplay elements.  The Price Is Right has aired over 9,000 episodes since its debut.[1] It is the longest-running game show in the United States,[3] and is one of the longest-running network series in United States television history. The 50th season premiered September 13, 2021.[4]  In a 2007 article, TV Guide named it the "greatest game show of all time".  On March 2, 2022, it was announced that The Price is Right would be inducted into the NAB Broadcasting Hall of Fame.[5][6][7] Host Drew Carey and executive producer Evelyn Warfel accepted the award at The Achievement in Broadcasting Awards on the NAB Show main stage in Las Vegas on April 24, 2022.  The gameplay of the show consists of four distinct competition elements, in which nine preliminary contestants (or six, depending on the episode's running time) are eventually narrowed to two finalists who compete in the game's final element, the "Showcase."  At the beginning of the show, four contestants are called from the audience by the announcer to take a spot in the front row behind bidding podiums, which are embedded into the front edge of the stage. This area is known as "Contestants' Row" or "Bidders Row."[8] After calling each selected contestant's name, the announcer shouts "Come on down!" a phrase which has become a trademark of the show.[9]  The four contestants in Contestants' Row compete in a bidding round to determine which contestant will play the next pricing game (the round is known as "One Bid," which gets its name and format from one of two types of bidding rounds that existed on the 1950s version of the show). A prize is shown and each contestant gives a single bid for the item. In the first One-Bid game of each episode, bidding begins with the contestant on the viewer's left-to-right, usually the first contestant who came down to the Contestants' Row. In subsequent One-Bid rounds, the order of bidding still moves from the viewer's left-to-right, but it begins with the contestant most recently called down. Contestants are instructed to bid in whole dollars since the retail price of the item is rounded to the nearest dollar, and another contestant's bid cannot be duplicated. The contestant whose bid is closest to the actual retail price of the prize without going over wins that prize and gets to play the subsequent pricing game.[8]  If all four contestants overbid, several short buzzer tones sound, the lowest bid is announced and the bids are erased. The host then instructs the contestants to re-bid below the lowest previous bid.  If a contestant bids the actual retail price, a bell rings and the contestant wins a cash bonus in addition to the prize. From the introduction of the bonus in 1977 until 1998, the "perfect bid" bonus was $100, it was permanently increased to the current $500 in 1998. On The Price Is Right $1,000,000 Spectacular, the bonus was $1,000.  After each pricing game except the final one, another contestant is called to "come on down" to fill the spot of the contestant who played the previous pricing game. The newest contestant bids first in each One Bid round. Contestants who fail to win a One Bid round and do not make it onstage to play a pricing game receive consolation prizes, currently $300, often sponsored by companies revealed by the announcer near the end of the show, before the Showcase.  A 1996 study from Stanford University analyzed the bidding behavior of contestants, noting that they rarely attempted to optimize their bidding strategies but that accuracy tended to improve the longer they stayed in Contestants Row.[10] A 2019 study from Harvard University noted that the accuracy of the average bid fell substantially over the course of the show's run—from 8% lower than the actual retail price at the series start in 1972 to over 20% by 2010—before stabilizing as Carey's hosting tenure progressed, the study concluded that accuracy correlated with inflation and hypothesized that periods of high inflation make people more attentive to prices, while also surmising that increasing e-commerce has made people less attentive to prices overall.[11]  After winning the One Bid, the contestant joins the host onstage for the opportunity to win additional prizes or cash by playing a pricing game. After the pricing game ends, a new contestant is selected for Contestants' Row and the process is repeated.[8]  Six pricing games are played on each hour-long episode, three games per episode were played in the original half-hour format. Pricing game formats vary widely, ranging from simple dilemma games in which a contestant chooses one of two options to win to complex games of chance or skill in which guessing prices increases the odds of winning. On a typical hour-long episode, two games are played for a car, one game is played for a cash prize and the other three games offer expensive household merchandise or trips. Usually, at least one of the six games involves the pricing of grocery items, while another usually involves smaller prizes that can be used to win a larger prize package.  Originally, five pricing games were in the rotation.[12] Since then, more games have been created and added to the rotation and, starting with the 60-minute expansion in 1975, the rate at which games premiered increased. Some pricing games were eventually discontinued, while others have been a mainstay since the show's debut in 1972. As of 2017, the rotation is among 77 games.[13] On the 1994 syndicated version hosted by Doug Davidson, the rules of several games were modified and other aesthetic changes were made. Notably, the grocery products used in some games on the daytime version were replaced by small merchandise prizes, generally valued at less than $100. Beginning in 2008, episodes of The Price Is Right $1,000,000 Spectacular featured rule changes to some pricing games which rewarded a $1 million bonus to the contestant if specific goals were achieved while playing the pricing game.  Since the show's expansion to 60 minutes in 1975, each episode features two playings of the Showcase Showdown, occurring after the third and sixth pricing games. Each playing features the three contestants who played the preceding pricing games spinning "The Big Wheel" to determine who advances to the Showcase, the show's finale.[8] The contestants play in the order of the value of their winnings thus far (including the One Bid), with the contestant who has won the most spinning last.  The wheel contains 20 sections showing values from 5¢ to $1.00, in increments of five cents.[14] Contestants are allowed a maximum of two spins. The first contestant spins the wheel and may choose to stop with his or her score or spin again, adding the value of the second spin to their first. The second contestant then spins the wheel and tries to match or beat the leader's score, if he or she fails to do so, the contestant must spin again. If the second contestant's first spin matches or beats the score of the first contestant, he or she has the option of stopping or spinning again. The third contestant then spins, if his or her score is less than the leader then he or she will be required to spin again. In the event the second or third contestant's first spin ties the score of the leader, he or she will be given the option of spinning again as an alternative to entering a "spin-off" as described below.  If the total score of any contestant is less than that of the current leader, is beaten by the score of any subsequent contestant, or is over $1.00, the contestant is eliminated from the game. The contestant whose score is nearest to $1.00 without going over advances to the Showcase at the end of the episode. Any spin that fails to make at least one complete revolution does not count, the contestant is given the opportunity to spin again, and if the contestant has visible difficulty in physically performing the task, the host is allowed to assist them.  If the first two contestants both spin twice and go over $1.00, the last contestant automatically advances to the Showcase and is given only one spin to determine their score to ensure that a contestant advances to the showcase. Any contestant whose score equals $1.00 (from either the first spin or the sum of two spins) receives a $1,000 bonus and, since December 1978, is allowed a bonus spin.[8] The contestant wins an additional $10,000 for landing on either 5¢ or 15¢ (which are adjacent to the $1.00 space and painted green), or an additional $25,000 for landing on $1.00. From December 1978 to July 17, 2008, the bonuses were $5,000 and $10,000 for landing on a green section and the $1.00, respectively.[8] If the wheel stops on any other amount or fails to make at least one revolution, the contestant wins no more money. The wheel is positioned on 5¢ prior to the bonus spin so that it cannot land on a winning prize without making a complete revolution.  Two or more contestants who are tied with the leading score compete in a "spin-off." Each contestant is allowed one additional spin and the contestant with the higher score advances to the Showcase. Multiple spin-offs are played until the tie is broken. Those who hit $1.00 in their spin-off spin still get $1,000 and a bonus spin. If two or more contestants tie with a score of $1.00, their bonus spins also determine their spin-off score. Only the spin-off score, not any bonus money won, determines which contestant moves on to the Showcase. For example, a person who wins the $10,000 bonus for landing on 15¢ loses the spin-off if their opponent lands on 20¢ or more. A tie in a bonus spin spin-off means the ensuing second spin-off will be spun with no bonuses available. Each spin must make one complete revolution in order to qualify. If a player's bonus spin spin-off does not make a complete revolution, the contestant must spin again, and the spin will be scored as in a second round of a spin-off (no bonuses).  At the end of the episode, the two Showcase Showdown winners (or the two highest winners on half-hour-long episodes) advance to the Showcase.[8] A "showcase" of prizes (currently two or three prizes) is presented and the top winner has the option of placing a bid on the total value of the showcase or passing the showcase to the runner-up, who is then required to bid. A second showcase is then presented and the contestant who had not bid on the first showcase makes their bid. Unlike the One Bid, the contestant bidding on the second showcase may bid the same amount as their opponent on the first showcase, since the two contestants are bidding on different prize packages. The contestant who has bid nearer to the price of their own showcase without going over wins the prizes in their showcase.  Any contestant who overbids automatically loses regardless of their opponent's result. If both contestants overbid, neither wins their showcase. Since 1974, the winning contestant wins both showcases if the bid is within a specified amount from the actual retail price of their own showcase without going over. Until 1998, the amount was less than $100.[8] In 1998, it became the current $250 or less. The 2017 documentary Perfect Bid: The Contestant Who Knew Too Much tells the story of the only time a contestant bid the exact price of a showcase.[15]  Bob Barker began hosting The Price Is Right on September 4, 1972, and completed a 35-year tenure on June 15, 2007. Barker was hired as host while still hosting the stunt comedy show Truth or Consequences. His retirement coincided with his 50th year as a television host. His final show aired on June 15, 2007, and was repeated in primetime, leading into the network's coverage of the 34th Daytime Emmy Awards.[16] In addition to hosting, Barker became Executive Producer of the show in March 1988 when Frank Wayne died and continued as such until his retirement, gaining significant creative control over the series between 2000 and his 2007 retirement. He was also responsible for creating several of the show's pricing games, as well as launching The Price Is Right $1,000,000 Spectacular primetime spin-off. Reruns of Barker's final season were aired throughout the summer from the Monday after his final show (June 18, 2007) until the Friday before Drew Carey's debut as host (October 12, 2007), when the season 35 finale was re-aired. During his time as host, Barker missed only one taping of four episodes, Dennis James, then hosting the syndicated nighttime version of the show, filled in for him on these shows in December 1974.[8] In 1981, shortly after the death of his wife Dorothy Jo, Barker became an animal rights advocate and began signing off each episode with "Help control the pet population: have your pets spayed or neutered."  After Barker's retirement, Carey continued the tradition with the same sign-off.  On October 31, 2006, Barker announced that he would retire from the show at the end of season 35. In March 2007, CBS and FremantleMedia began a search for the next host of the show. Carey, who was hosting Power of 10 at the time, was chosen and, in a July 23, 2007, interview on Late Show with David Letterman, made the announcement.[17] Carey's first show aired October 15, 2007. Barker has made several guest appearances since Carey took over as host: on the April 16, 2009 episode to promote his autobiography, Priceless Memories, on December 12, 2013, as part of "Pet Adoption Week" that coincided with his 90th birthday,[18] and on the episode which aired on April Fools' Day in 2015, hosting the first One Bid and pricing game as part of April Fool's Day.[19]  The 2013 April Fools' show featured Carey and announcer George Gray modeling the prizes while the show's models performed hosting and announcing duties for the day.[20] On the April Fools' Day episode in 2014, Craig Ferguson, Carey's former castmate from The Drew Carey Show, and Shadoe Stevens hosted and announced, swapping places with Carey and Gray respectively, who performed the same roles on the previous night's episode of The Late Late Show.[21]  Johnny Olson, the announcer for many Goodson-Todman shows of the era, was the program's original announcer until his death in October 1985.[22] Olson was replaced by Rod Roddy in February 1986,[23] who remained with the program until shortly before his death in October 2003.[24] Los Angeles meteorologist Rich Fields took over as the announcer in April 2004[25] and stayed on until the end of season 38 in August 2010. Following a change of direction and a search for an announcer with more experience in improvisational comedy,[26][27] veteran TV host George Gray joined the show as the announcer on the April 18, 2011 episode.[28] During periods in which a permanent announcer was not filling the role, a number of announcers auditioned for the position. In addition to Roddy, Gene Wood, Rich Jeffries, and Bob Hilton auditioned to replace Olson. Former Family Feud announcer Burton Richardson, Paul Boland, and former Supermarket Sweep announcer Randy West substituted for Roddy during his illnesses. In addition to West and Richardson, Daniel Rosen, Art Sanders, Roger Rose, Don Bishop and current Wheel of Fortune announcer Jim Thornton also auditioned for the role eventually filled by Fields. Richardson substituted for Fields while he recovered from laryngitis in December 2006. In addition to Gray, TV host JD Roberto, comedians Jeff B. Davis, Brad Sherwood, and David H. Lawrence XVII, and actor/comedian Steve White also auditioned for the role.  To help display its many prizes, the show has featured several models who were known, during Barker's time on the show, as "Barker's Beauties". Some longer-tenured Barker's Beauties included Kathleen Bradley (1990–2000), Holly Hallstrom (1977–1995), Dian Parkinson (1975–1993), and Janice Pennington (1972–2000). Pennington and Bradley were both dismissed from the program in 2000, allegedly because they had given testimony on Hallstrom's behalf in the wrongful termination litigation she pursued against Barker and the show.[29] Following the departures of Nikki Ziering, Heather Kozar and Claudia Jordan in the 2000s, producers decided to use a rotating cast of models (up to ten) until the middle of season 37, after which the show reverted to five regular models. Since 2021, the models include Rachel Reynolds, Amber Lancaster, Manuela Arbeláez, James O'Halloran, Devin Goda,[30] and Alexis Gaube (most recently of Card Sharks). Carey does not use a collective name for the models, but refers to them by name, hoping that the models will be able to use the show as a "springboard" to further their careers.[31] In a change from previous policy, the models appearing on a given episode are named individually in the show's credits and are formally referred as "The Price Is Right models" when collectively grouped at events. Since season 37, the show often uses a guest model for certain prizes, often crossing over from another CBS property or come courtesy of the company providing the prize. Some such models have been male, especially for musical instruments, tools, trucks and motorcycles, and used in guest appearances during the Showcase. Owing to the traditionally female demographic of daytime television shows, along with the pregnancies of Reynolds and Osborne, CBS announced that the game show would add a male model for a week during season 41, fitting with other countries with the franchise that have used an occasional male model. The show held an internet search for the man in an online competition that featured Mike Richards, the show's executive producer, Reynolds, Lancaster, Osborne and Arbeláez serving as judges and mentors during the web series, narrated by Gray. Viewers selected the winner in October 2012.[32] On October 5, 2012, CBS announced that the winner of the male model online competition was Rob Wilson of Boston, Massachusetts.[33] Wilson appeared as a model on episodes through April 15, 2014.[34] A second male model search was conducted in 2014, with auditions taking place during the FIFA World Cup break between May and July 2014. On December 8, 2014, CBS announced that the winner of the second male model online competition was James O'Halloran.  The game show production team of Mark Goodson and Bill Todman was responsible for producing the original as well as the revival versions of the game show. Goodson-Todman staffer Bob Stewart is credited with creating the original version of The Price Is Right.[35] Roger Dobkowitz was the producer from 1984 to 2008, having worked with the program as a production staffer since the show's debut after graduating from San Francisco State University. Occasionally, Dobkowitz appeared on-camera when answering a question posed by the host, usually relating to the show's history or records. When he left the show at the end of season 36, Variety reported that it was unclear whether he was retiring or was fired,[36] although Carey indicated in a later interview with Esquire that Dobkowitz was fired.[37] As of 2011, the show uses multiple producers, all long-time staffers. Adam Sandler (not to be confused with the actor) is the producer and director of the show. Stan Blits, who joined the show in 1980 and Sue MacIntyre are the co-producers. Stan Blits is also the contestant coordinator for the show.[38][39] In 2007, he wrote the book Come on Down (ISBN 978-0061350115), that goes behind the scenes of the show. In the book he dispels the myth that contestants are chosen at random, and gives readers an inside look at how shows are planned and produced. Kathy Greco joined the show in 1975 and became producer in 2008, she announced her retirement on October 8, 2010, on the show's website, effective at the end of the December 2010 tapings. Her last episode as producer, which aired January 27, 2011, featured a theme in tribute to her. The show's official website featured a series of videos including an interview with Greco as a tribute to her 35 years in the days leading up to her final episode.[40] Frank Wayne, a Goodson-Todman staffer since the 1950s, was the original executive producer of the CBS version of the show. Barker assumed that role after Wayne's death in March 1988, as previously stated. Previous producers have included Jay Wolpert, Barbara Hunter and Phil Wayne Rossi (Wayne's son). Michael Dimich assumed the director's chair in June 2011.[41] Marc Breslow, Paul Alter, Bart Eskander, and Rich DiPirro each served long stints previously as director. Former associate directors Andrew Felsher and Fred Witten, as well as technical director Glenn Koch, have directed episodes strictly on a fill-in basis. Sandler began directing episodes in 2012, and became the official director in 2013. Aside from Barker, the show's production staff remained intact after Carey became host. FremantleMedia executive Syd Vinnedge was named the program's new executive producer, with Richards becoming co-executive producer after Dobkowitz's firing. Richards was a candidate to replace Barker as host in 2007, before Carey was ultimately chosen.[42] Richards succeeded Vinnedge as executive producer when the 2009–10 season started, with Tracy Verna Soiseth joining Richards as co-executive producer in 2010.[43] Vinnedge remains credited as an executive consultant to the show.[44] Richards oversaw a major overhaul of the show, dismissing most of the personnel who had served under Barker and Dobkowitz in an effort to improve the show's performance in key demographics.[45] Richards left the show at the conclusion of the 2018–19 season to join Sony Pictures Television for as an executive producer for their game shows.[46] Evelyn Warfel was named executive producer for the 2019–20 season.  Many audience members arrive early on the day of a taping, and often camp out the night before to attend.[47] Most have already received tickets for that day's show, although some hope to get same-day tickets. Audience members are then given the iconic name tags with a temporary identification number, which is also written on the person's ticket. A Social Security Number (or some national I.D. number for non-U.S. audience members) is also required to be submitted. Audience members are eventually brought through in groups of twelve for brief interviews with the production staff. Contrary to popular belief, contestant names are not chosen at random, rather, the interviews determine possible selections for the nine contestants per taping from among the pool of approximately 325 audience members. Since 1988, the minimum age for audience members has been 18, prior to 1988, teenagers and children were present in the audience. With few exceptions, anyone at least 18 years old who attends a taping of the show has the potential to become a contestant. Those ineligible include current candidates for political office, employees of Paramount Global or its affiliates, RTL Group or any firm involved in offering prizes for the show. Contestants who have appeared on a different game show within the previous year or either two other game shows or any version of The Price Is Right itself within the past ten years are also ineligible.[48] The show's staff alerts potential contestants – in person, on the show's website and on the tickets themselves – to dress in "street clothes" and not to wear costumes, such as those used to attract attention on Let's Make a Deal, another show that featured contestants selected from the audience. In June 2008 producers disallowed audience members from wearing fake eyeglasses designed to look similar to those worn by Carey, a restriction that has since been relaxed.[49] Instead, contestants will often wear shirts with hand-decorated slogans. Members of the Armed Forces are often in uniform. Cell phones, tape recorders, backpacks, price lists and portable electronic devices are not allowed in the studio. Prospective contestants obtain tickets by contacting a third-party ticketing operator via the show's website, which is promoted on-air during the broadcast. Prior to 2011, ticketing was directly through CBS, originally via mail, with online ticket access added in 2005. The mail practice ended after CBS began outsourcing ticketing to the third-party operator.[50]  Occasionally, episodes are taped with special audience restrictions, including active duty and retired military personnel. Similar primetime episodes were taped in 2002 in the aftermath of the September 11 attacks and in light of the subsequent war in Afghanistan: one honoring each branch of the United States military and a sixth episode honoring police officers and firefighters. An annual military episode has been taped since season 38 in 2008, such episodes were originally broadcast on Veterans Day, but the airdate was moved to Independence Day during season 41 (2013). These episodes feature an all-military audience, a Marine band playing the winner's service anthem, and contestants being called by rank. The 2008 episode contained a unique rule in which each One Bid featured one contestant from the Army, Navy, Air Force and Marines, and One Bid winners also won a $1,000 gift card. As each contestant won his/her way onstage, he/she was replaced by a member of the same branch of service. Most civilian attendees were retired or disabled veterans or family members of military personnel. The 2009 version eliminated this unique rule. Additionally, members from the United States Coast Guard were invited to the show.  Beginning in 2009, some episodes have featured special themes with two contestants competing as teams, such as married or engaged couples for Valentine's Day and the "Ultimate Wedding Shower" episode. There have also been episodes with children who are minors (normally not allowed to compete) teamed with a parent (for Mother's Day and Father's Day) or grandparent (for Grandparents Day), as well as teen drivers and students for "Ultimate Spring Break" and "Back to School". In these cases the adult player (not the minor) must make all final decisions in the game play, such as when calling numbers or prices.  Except for the 30th Anniversary Special, which was taped at Harrah's Rio in Las Vegas, Nevada, The Price Is Right has been taped in Studio 33 in Television City Studios in Los Angeles, California, for its entire run.[51] The studio, which is also used for other television productions, was renamed the Bob Barker Studio in the host's honor on the ceremonial 5,000th episode taped in March 1998.[52] When Carey became host, there was talk of the show traveling in the future.[31] The program is usually produced in about an hour, although if there is a guest involved, some tapings will last longer because of question and answer sessions by the audience and the guest, which the host usually moderates.[53] Typically, the show tapes two episodes per day (mid-day and late afternoon tapings) with Monday through Wednesday tapings. The program is taped in advance of its airdate. For example, the show broadcast on February 28, 2008, was taped on January 16. After resuming tapings in October 2020 following a pandemic-related delay, starting in season 49 (taped behind closed doors with pandemic restrictions with a late start and accelerated taping), three episodes were taped each day, normally with three taping days per week (Sunday through Tuesday, with a morning, midday, and afternoon session).[54] As with many other shows that start production in the summer, the lead time varies during the season, as many as fifteen weeks to as little as one day. The audience is entertained by the announcer before taping begins and in case of guests, the guest will answer questions from the audience. After the taping session, there is a drawing for a door prize. On some episodes, all members of the audience receive a prize from a sponsor or celebrity guest, those prizes are usually mentioned in the Showcase (such as a complimentary slice of Papa John's Pizza, an NHL Winter Classic game puck, a couples' gift box from Hershey's or a book authored by a guest).[55] Television and Internet viewers have also been directed to the show's official website to enter a drawing for a similar prize offered to all viewers or another prize related to the special offer (such as the Rock of Ages signed CD). Some episodes are taped "out-of-order" so that a specific episode will air after other episodes have aired. Notably, the Christmas Week episodes are usually taped in early December outside of the regular rotation. An episode may be taped out-of-order if a prize package reflects a trip to an event that is taking place close to the date that episode will air (primarily with CBS properties such as the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship, and various NFL on CBS games, most notably Super Bowl games airing on CBS since Carey took over, but other games are offered as the Super Bowl becomes quadrennial as of the 2023 NFL contract,  CBS' next Super Bowl is during the 2024 NFL season). Other episodes may be aired out-of-order because of game-related incidents or situations beyond the network's control. Most instances of episodes airing out of order occur when the show is taped far in advance or when a natural disaster recently occurred at a trip venue featured in an episode.  In March 2020, production of The Price is Right was suspended as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.[56] On the September 16, 2020 episode of The Athletic's Starkville podcast, Drew Carey informed the podcast that Fremantle intended to resume taping in October 2020 with only essential personnel, including 27 contestants for a given day (nine contestants per show, three shows a day) of taping in the studio.[57] On October 5, 2020, Deadline Hollywood interviewed executive producer Evelyn Warfel about protocol changes for the show. Social media posts from announcer George Gray and model James O'Halloran confirmed that taping had resumed.[58][59]  Season 49 episodes had a redesigned set with no audience, and four socially-distanced podiums in place of Contestants' Row.  For season 50, the show brought back a limited audience of approximately 50 people seated in pods, similar to those used on episodes of Let's Make a Deal since the previous year (2020).  Contestants' Row returned, but with added space between contestants. The setup remains the same for Season 51.  Companies donate prizes in exchange for advertising. According to the CBC Radio One series Under the Influence, each episode has a script about 30 pages long, consisting primarily of what is essentially advertising copy. The book Come On Down!: Behind the Big Doors at "The Price Is Right" by staffer Stan Blits says the prizes require acres of warehouse space to store.[60] Since Season 37 (2008), the program purchased certain prizes at outlet stores in an effort to diversify and upscale the prizes being offered on the show, in an effort to aim at younger demographics (such as college-age students, which has been noted as a popular demographic for the program).[61]  The version of the series that began in 1972 was originally "A Mark Goodson–Bill Todman Production" in association with CBS.[62] After Todman died in July 1979, the unit became known as simply Mark Goodson Productions and referred to as such on The Price Is Right from 1984 to June 2007. Today, the series is produced by Fremantle and copyrighted by The Price Is Right Productions, Inc., a joint venture of RTL Group and CBS. For the sake of tradition and through special permission from RTL's subsidiary Fremantle, the show continued to use the Mark Goodson Productions name, logo and announcement at the end of each episode until Barker's retirement, even after Fremantle purchased and absorbed the Goodson-Todman holdings. The show was credited as a FremantleMedia production from 2007 to 2018, after the company's name change in 2018, it is now credited simply as a Fremantle production.  The Price Is Right premiered on September 4, 1972, at 10:30 a.m. ET (9:30 a.m. CT) on CBS, one of three game shows to debut that day, the other two being The Joker's Wild at 10:00 a.m. ET and Gambit at 11:00 a.m. ET. The show was first billed as The New Price Is Right to distinguish itself from the earlier/original version (1956–65) hosted by Bill Cullen, but it proved so popular in its own right that, in June 1973, Goodson-Todman decided to drop the word "New" from its title. On March 26, 1973, CBS moved The Price Is Right to 3:00 p.m. ET, pairing it with Match Game as part of what became the highest-rated pairing in daytime, it ran a close second to the NBC soap opera Another World. The show remained in that time slot until August 11, 1975, when it permanently returned to the morning lineup at 10:30 a.m. ET. Over the next several years, Price would face a variety of game shows on NBC, then, as now, ABC did not program that timeslot, leaving its affiliates to do it themselves.  During the week of September 8–12, 1975, The Price is Right experimented with a sixty-minute episode format, during what it called "Anniversary Week" (the third anniversary of its premiere). The Anniversary Week included a prototypical circular Showcase Showdown spinner wheel used only for that week of shows.[63] The Anniversary Week experiment was a ratings success, and quickly led to the announcement on September 30, 1975, of the permanent expansion of The Price is Right to sixty minutes, effective November 3, 1975,[64] its start time moved to 10:00 a.m. ET. From March 7, 1977, to November 4, 1977, The Price Is Right aired at 10:30 a.m. It then returned to 10:00 a.m. for just five weeks.[65] On December 12, 1977, the show moved back to 10:30 a.m. and remained there until April 20, 1979, when it assumed the 11:00 a.m. ET slot where it has remained ever since.  The format of the show has since remained virtually unchanged. New pricing games are generally added each year, while others are retired. In addition, prizes and pricing games have kept pace with inflation, with games originally designed for four-digit prices of prizes (most often cars) adjusted to allow for five-digit prices. While the set has seen numerous redesigns and upgrades over the years, the show has maintained a similar aesthetic element from its premiere in 1972.  In season 36, CBS began offering full episodes of the show available for free viewing on the network's website. The show also began broadcasting in high definition with The Price Is Right $1,000,000 Spectacular primetime specials (the normal daytime version continued to air in 4:3 standard definition).[66] The show made the full transition to HD broadcasts beginning with season 37. During the weeks of September 28, 2009, September 20, 2010, and October 4, 2010, two new episodes aired each weekday on CBS. In 2009, the additional episodes filled a gap between the cancellation of the daytime drama Guiding Light and the debut of Let's Make a Deal. In 2010, the extra episodes aired between the cancellation of As the World Turns and the debut of The Talk. The intervening week offered a second episode of Let's Make a Deal. The 2009 second episode aired in the timeslot vacated by Guiding Light at 10:00 a.m. or 3:00 p.m. ET/PT, depending on the affiliate's choice. In 2010, the second episode aired in the former As the World Turns time slot, at 2:00 p.m. ET/PT.  Three syndicated versions of The Price Is Right have aired. The first two followed the same format as the half-hour daytime version but were intended to air on most stations in the early evening in the pre-prime time slot, and as such, they were referred to by the announcer as "the nighttime Price Is Right."  A weekly syndicated version debuted the week after the daytime premiere and continued to air until September 1980.[67] It was distributed by Viacom Enterprises, which had started as the syndication arm of CBS. When Mark Goodson devised the revival of Price for the 1972–73 season, it was intended for a nighttime broadcast only under new rules for early-prime syndication, and Goodson named Dennis James to host the show. When CBS commissioned a new weekday daytime version, Goodson also wanted James to host that show, but CBS wanted Barker, who was still hosting the syndicated Truth or Consequences at the time, to take it. Barker preferred to host The Joker's Wild, but CBS, again, insisted that he host Price instead.[68][69]  James eventually hosted a taping day (four half-hour episodes) of the daytime show in December 1974 when Barker fell ill, those episodes were broadcast on and around Christmas Day. James did so concurrently with another daytime hosting gig, on the NBC version of Name That Tune, another revived format from the 1950s.[8]  The two versions were largely similar at the beginning, as both were called The New Price Is Right. Some games had rule differences because of the larger budget and less commercial time on the nighttime show, for example, Double Prices was played for two prizes instead of one.  This version retained the 1972 half-hour format for its entire run and never adopted the daytime show's Double Showcase rule or the Showcase Showdown added to the daytime format when it expanded to an hour in 1975. The word "New" was dropped from the program's name starting in the second season, being titled simply The Price Is Right (as the daytime show was by this time as well) from that point onward, and was often referred to on the air by James and Olson as "the nighttime Price Is Right." In most of the U.S., stations carried the syndicated Price as one of other programs airing in the timeslot (7:30 p.m. ET) immediately before primetime which was created by the 1971 FCC Prime Time Access Rule.[62]  Though the nighttime version originally had higher ratings than the CBS daytime version, by 1975, the syndicated ratings started to drop. After the fifth nighttime season in 1977, when the contract with NBC's owned-and-operated stations ended, James's contract was not renewed. CBS's owned-and-operated stations picked the show up and the decision was made to hire Barker, to bring it in line with the daytime version.[citation needed] The series taped its 300th and final episode on March 12, 1980, and was cancelled after weekly syndicated game shows had fallen out of popularity in favor of daily offerings (such as Family Feud, which had expanded to daily syndication the same year The Nighttime Price Is Right ended). With a run of eight seasons, it was one of the longest-running weekly syndicated game shows of the era and the longest-running regularly-scheduled primetime version of Price (the 1957–1964 version aired seven seasons).  Five years later, veteran host Tom Kennedy starred in a new daily syndicated version,[70][71] which also used the traditional half-hour format and was syndicated by The Television Program Source. Like the previous syndicated series, this version had a slightly larger budget than its daytime counterpart. A perfect bid during the One-Bids originally won that contestant a $100 bonus (like the daytime show did then), but was later increased to $500. This increased bonus permanently carried over to the daytime show in 1998.  Janice Pennington, Holly Hallstrom, and Dian Parkinson all reprised their roles for this series, as did Johnny Olson until his death. Unlike the daytime series, the syndicated series did not employ guest announcers after Olson died and instead named Gene Wood as his replacement. Wood, in turn, was replaced by Rod Roddy shortly after he was named as Olson's successor on the daytime series.  Like its predecessor, this syndicated edition of Price was intended to be aired in the Prime Time Access slots on local stations. However, unlike the 1970s, local stations found themselves bombarded with game shows and other series looking for spots on stations in an increasingly crowded market. It often resulted in shows like Price airing anywhere that they could be fit into a station's programming lineup, such as in the early-morning period or in late-night slots. As a consequence, the show was not able to find its intended audience and the ratings reports reflected that trouble.  Price was no exception, as many of the stations who bought the series placed it in those less desirable slots and the show could not find a foothold against the popular shows of the day, such as the runaway success of the syndicated Wheel of Fortune. Compared to some of the other shows on the market during this period, Price was a modest success, but it did not meet the very high expectations stations and Mark Goodson had for the series. As a result, the show was not renewed beyond its first season. A total of 170 episodes were produced, and they aired in first run from September 9, 1985, to May 30, 1986.[72] During the six years it held the rights to Price, the Kennedy version is the only one of the three syndicated versions that was rerun by GSN.   Eight years after the cancellation of Kennedy's Price Is Right, a new syndicated version premiered on September 12, 1994, hosted by Doug Davidson (of The Young and the Restless fame) and distributed by Paramount Domestic Television. This series featured several significant changes: eliminating Contestants' Row, a different format for the Showcase Showdown, a Showcase featuring only one contestant, a completely different set and a much larger budget (even when compared to the two previous syndicated runs) that gave contestants the potential to win up to five times what they could win on the daytime show.[73] However, this version found even more trouble finding an audience than the 1985–86 series did and ended its run on January 27, 1995, after only 16 weeks of first-run shows. Several stylistic elements of this series, as well as many of its music cues, were later integrated into both the daytime version and nighttime specials. CBS attempted to break NBC's dominance of Thursday night prime time by The Cosby Show and Family Ties with a six-episode summer series, The Price Is Right Special, beginning in August 1986, but with no success.[74] On August 23, 1996, CBS aired an hour-long 25th Anniversary Special, using the half-hour gameplay format and featuring a number of retrospective clips. The 30th Anniversary Special was recorded at Harrah's Rio All Suite Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas and aired on January 31, 2002.[75] This one-time road trip enticed 5,000 potential contestants to line up for 900 available tickets, causing an incident that left one person injured.[76] A second six-episode primetime series saluting various branches of the United States armed forces, police officers, and firefighters aired during the summer of 2002, as a tribute to the heroes of the September 11, 2001 attacks.[77] During the series The Price Is Right Salutes, spinning $1.00 in a bonus spin during the Showcase Showdown was worth $100,000 instead of the usual $10,000.  The success of the primetime series, which aired mostly in the summer, along with the vogue of big-money game shows, led to CBS launching another primetime series in 2003, titled The Price Is Right $1,000,000 Spectacular. The 2007–08 Writers Guild of America strike and original success in the Nielsen ratings led CBS to commission ten more episodes of the primetime series. This series introduced set changes as the show was broadcast in high definition television for the first time and the set used for these episodes (except for the black floor) was moved to the daytime show in 2008.[78] On the primetime series, larger and more expensive prizes were generally offered than on the daytime show. The Showcase frequently offered multiple or very expensive cars. In the first sixteen $1,000,000 Spectaculars, all hosted by Barker, the payoff for landing on the $1.00 during a bonus spin in the Showcase Showdown was increased to $1 million.  The rules for the $1 million bonus spin were later revised to offer the winner of the Showcase a spin if no other contestant had received a bonus spin in either Showcase Showdown. If both contestants overbid, an audience member was chosen at random to spin the wheel. This rule was again changed so that in the event of a double overbid, the contestant who overbid by the lower amount received the bonus spin for a chance at $1 million.  The million-dollar spin was eliminated in 2008, and instead, contestants were given two ways to win the top prize. One pricing game per episode was selected as a "million-dollar game", with a secondary objective needing to be met in order for the contestant to win the money. Contestants were also awarded the million-dollar bonus if they managed to win both Showcases, and the range the players had to come within was initially increased to $1,000, then reduced to $500. This format lasted one season (2008), which was made as replacement programming.  In 2016, The Price Is Right aired several primetime specials featuring cast members of CBS programs and hosts of CBS reality show franchises, including The Amazing Race, Big Brother, and Survivor.[79][80] The episodes featured fans of the three programs playing alongside past participants from them. In 2019, a retitled version called The Price Is Right at Night featured episodes with cast members from SEAL Team and others with Seth Rogen. Celebrities are paired with civilian contestants competing to win prizes.[81] If there is a celebrity involved, episodes feature charitable donations toward a cause championed by the celebrity guest, with the celebrity joining the civilian contestants during the program. These shows feature a cash equivalent to all prizes won that episode in pricing games donated to the celebrity's charity, and during the second Showcase Showdown, making one spin of the Showcase Showdown wheel, with the value multiplied by 10,000 to be donated to the celebrity's charity. Other specials included the season 49 premiere (which was delayed from September to October because of a six and a half month suspension of production), a salute to essential workers in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the cast of The Neighborhood playing as themselves for charity.[82][83]  An August 2021 announcement detailed a two-hour primetime special The Price Is Right to air on September 30 in honor of its 50th season. The special featured a retrospective of memorable moments and outtakes from the show's history.[84]  On May 31, 2006, The Price Is Right was featured on the series Gameshow Marathon, one of seven classic game shows hosted by talk show host and actress Ricki Lake.[85] This version combined aspects of the Barker and Davidson versions with the celebrity contestants playing three pricing games, followed by a Showcase Showdown where the two contestants with the highest scores moved on to the Showcase. The winner of the Showcase also earned a spot in Finalists' Row. Fields was the announcer for this version which was taped in Studio 46. It also marked the first Price Is Right episode directed by DiPirro, who replaced Eskander as the director on the daytime show in January 2009.  Pluto TV and Fremantle-owned Buzzr announced on November 30, 2020, that a new 24-hour channel named The Price Is Right: The Barker Era would be added to the Pluto TV lineup starting on December 1, 2020. The channel includes episodes of The Price is Right from the 1980s hosted by Barker, with some episodes airing for the first time since their original air dates. As part of the launch, a selection of holiday-themed episodes from the era aired on Christmas Eve 2020.[86][87] The channel was added to The Roku Channel on February 8, 2022.[88]  Fremantle has an exclusivity agreement with Paramount Global with the show, which also Pluto TV, giving the company exclusive rights to all episodes of The Price Is Right from 1972 onward, for this reason, Fremantle cannot air Price reruns on Buzzr's over-the-air affiliates, nor can they license out the show to other networks.[89]  The show has attracted attention from economists, who analyze different elements as a natural experiment on strategic decision making.  Several papers focus on the One Bid game.[90][91][92] Jonathan Berk[91] and others show that a rational bidder should cut off an existing bid by bidding $1 above it.  Studies of the Showcase Showdown test the game-theoretic notion of subgame perfect equilibrium. In game-theoretic terms, The Showcase Showdown is a sequential game of perfect information for which the equilibrium can be found through backward induction. Several papers have solved the optimal strategy for particular spin outcomes.[93][94][95] Rafael Tenorio and Timothy N. Cason studied a set of episodes from 1994 and 1995 and found evidence that players under-spin compared to the equilibrium prediction.[94] Recently, a team of economists analyzed 40 years of data and found the same pattern of under-spinning, but only for the contestant who spins first. They found these mistakes are well explained by limited foresight, a sizeable fraction of contestants appear to myopically consider the next stage of the game. In line with learning, the researchers found the quality of contestants' choices improves over time.[96]  Road to Price is a six episode reality documentary show aired on the now-defunct CBS Innertube[97][98] from September 20, 2006, to September 27, 2006. The program featured nine teenage boys driving to Los Angeles in a refurbished mini-school bus as they leave their hometown of Merrimack, New Hampshire in order to be on The Price is Right. The episode of The Price is Right featuring the cast aired September 27, 2006.  Five episodes aired on their official website priceisright.com along with its YouTube page[99][100][101] from October 27, 2014, to November 11, 2014. The series was created in order to replace the first male Price model Rob Wilson as he pursued an acting career in the online version of the ABC daytime soap opera All My Children. During the webisode series, hopeful contestants attempt to be selected as the next male model. Judges included Wilson, Mike Richards, Manuela Arbeláez, Amber Lancaster, Gwendolyn Osborne-Smith, Rachel Reynolds, and former Miss America Shanna Moakler. The three finalists appeared on the CBS daytime talk show The Talk. Online voting determined the winner, and James O'Halloran[102] became the newest cast member. He first appeared on the episode which aired on December 15, 2014. He has since been joined by a third male model, former NFL player Devin Goda, who joined the show during season 47.  As of November 2009, the show had given away approximately $250 million in cash and prizes.[108] Furs have not been offered as prizes since Barker's tenure as host (although wool and leather are now permitted). Several Barker-imposed prohibitions have been lifted since his departure, such as offering products made of leather or leather seats in vehicles and showing simulated meat props on barbecues and in ovens. The show has also offered couture clothing and accessories, featuring designers such as Coach Inc., Louis Vuitton, and Limited Brands in an attempt to attract a younger demographic, as well as backyard play equipment such as JumpSport Trampolines[109] and electronics such as smartphones, personal computer systems, video game systems and entertainment centers. Other prizes which have frequently appeared on the show since its beginnings include automobiles, furniture, trips and cash. The most expensive prize offered on this version of the show was a Ferrari 458 Italia Spider sports car, priced at $285,716, that appeared on the April 25, 2013, episode during "Big Money Week."[110] The prize was offered during the 3 Strikes pricing game. Prior to this, the most expensive prize was a Tesla Roadster (2008) (valued at $112,845), featured on the April 22, 2010, episode in the pricing game Golden Road.[111]  Since Carey took over as host, prizes from Ohio-based companies or companies with major Ohio operations have appeared, as Ohio is the home state of Carey and former announcer Fields. This has included Honda (see below), as well as Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams, which is based in Columbus, Ohio and got its start in Columbus's historic North Market.  Since the show's debut, automobiles have been a signature prize on The Price Is Right. Most hour-long episodes have two pricing games that are each played for an automobile and in most episodes (although not all), at least one showcase will include an automobile. For special episodes, such as the 5,000th episode, there will often be more cars offered.  From 1991 to 2008, almost all automobiles offered on the show were made by companies based in the United States, specifically Detroit's Big Three (although cars made by these companies' foreign subsidiaries or in a joint-venture with a foreign company were also offered during this era, in all cases badged under an American nameplate). The move was made by Barker, in his capacity as executive producer, as a sign of patriotism during the first Iraq war in 1991 and as a show of support to the American car industry, which was particularly struggling at that time. When Chrysler merged with German automaker Daimler-Benz in 1998 to form Daimler Chrysler AG (now simply Daimler AG after Chrysler split from the automaker, Chrysler later merged with Italian automaker Fiat to form Fiat Chrysler Automobiles and following another merger with French automaker PSA Group to form the Dutch-based Stellantis), the foreign ownership of Chrysler did not affect carrying any Chrysler-related models.  Since Barker's retirement, cars made by foreign companies have been offered, most notably Honda, which has several factories throughout Ohio. Through product placement, certain episodes in 2008 and 2009 featured Honda as the exclusive automobile manufacturer for vehicles offered on that episode. The major European (Volkswagen, BMW, Daimler, Fiat and Volvo) and Asian (Hyundai-Kia, Toyota, Mitsubishi, Mazda, Nissan, and Honda) manufacturers have all provided cars on the show since the ban was lifted, with premium foreign cars almost exclusively used for games that generally offer higher-priced cars, such as Golden Road and 3 Strikes. Starting around 2010, vintage and classic cars have occasionally been offered as prizes for games that do not involve pricing them. Among them have been a 1955 Chevrolet Bel Air and a 1964 Bentley S3. These cars are usually offered in games where their prices are irrelevant to gameplay, such as Hole in One and Bonus Game.  The record for the largest individual total in cash and prizes on a daytime episode is held by Michael Strouber. On the October 14, 2019 episode,[112] which aired during Big Money Week, Strouber won $202,000 (one $200,000 chip, one zero, and two $1,000 chips) in cash during a playing of Plinko. During the episode, game rules were modified to offer a top prize of $1,000,000, with each chip worth up to $200,000. Strouber walked away with $262,743 in cash and prizes, including a new car, a diamond tennis bracelet and a trip to Fiji.  The record for winnings on the primetime show is currently held by Adam Rose. On February 22, 2008, the first The Price Is Right $1,000,000 Spectacular episode since Carey became host, Rose won $20,000 playing Grand Game. By being within $1,000 of the actual retail price of his own showcases, he won both showcases—which included a Cadillac XLR convertible in his showcase and a Ford Escape Hybrid in his opponent's—plus a $1 million bonus.[113] Rose's total is also the record for winnings on any version of the Price franchise worldwide, shattering the previous mark set by Joanne Segeviano on the Australian version in 2005.  Terry Kniess holds the record for the closest bid on a showcase without going over, guessing the exact price of the showcase he was given. Kniess, an avid viewer of the show, recorded and watched every episode for four months prior to when he and his wife had tickets to attend in September 2008.[37] Kniess learned that many prizes were repeatedly used (always at the same price) and began taking notes. Kniess was selected as a contestant on September 22, 2008, lost his pricing game (the only contestant to do so that episode), made it to the final showcase and guessed the exact amount of $23,743 for his showcase.[37] Many show staffers, including Carey, were worried that the show was rigged and that Kniess was cheating.[37] Kniess later explained that he had seen all three items of the showcase before and knew the general prices in the thousands. The 743 he used because it was his PIN, based on his wedding date and his wife's birth month.[37]  Carey attributed his subdued reaction to the perfect bid by saying, "Everybody thought someone had cheated. We'd just fired Roger Dobkowitz, and all the fan groups were upset about it. I remember asking, 'Are we ever going to air this?' And nobody could see how we could. So I thought the show was never going to air. I thought somebody had cheated us, and I thought the whole show was over. I thought they were going to shut us down, and I thought I was going to be out of a job."[37] Kniess later defended his actions, claiming that he never cheated, and in the end, was awarded his prizes. (His feat can be comparable to the actions of Michael Larson, who appeared on the 1980s CBS game show Press Your Luck, and won $110,237 by memorizing the board sequence.)[37]  The Price Is Right has generally been praised and remained a stalwart in television ratings over its long history.[114] In a 2007 article, TV Guide named the program the "greatest game show of all time."[115] The introduction of the program ushered in a new era of game shows—moving away from the knowledge-based quiz show format, creating "a noisy, carnival atmosphere that challenged cultural norms and assumptions represented in previous generations of quiz shows."[116]  The show's early reception was not as universally positive, as critics lamented the show's stark departure from the highbrow norms of the Golden Age of Television, original nighttime host Dennis James admitted that even his own housekeeper did not watch the show for that reason, but also defended the series, saying "CBS, who never wanted game shows, just put three game shows on the air, so they know they had better join the fight or lose out, because game shows have a tremendous appeal. The critics will always look down their noses, but you can't have The Bell Telephone Hour on and still stay in competition. If you want to read books, read books."[117]  Since the mid-1990s, the program production company and in some cases the executive producer (both Barker and Richards, the executive producer from 2009 to 2019) have been sued by numerous women. Most of the lawsuits involved models and other staff members in cases of sexual harassment, wrongful termination and racial discrimination.[114] Allegations of sexual harassment brought by Dian Parkinson led to Barker calling a press conference to admit a past consensual sexual relationship with her, while denying any harassment, explaining that she was only angry with him for calling off the relationship. Barker was widowed in 1981 following the death of his wife, Dorothy Jo.[118] It has also been alleged that Barker and senior staff created a hostile work environment, particularly to those who testified for the plaintiffs suing Barker.[29] Responding to the controversy just before his retirement, Barker told William Keck of USA Today, "They have been such a problem. I don't want to say anything about them. They [were] disgusting, I don't want to mention them."[119] The Barker-era lawsuits, except for one, were settled out of court. After Barker dropped his slander suit against Hallstrom, she eventually countersued and received millions in settlement.[120][121] Former model Lanisha Cole filed a sexual harassment lawsuit against the show's producers in 2011, it was settled in 2013.[122]  The lawsuits for Price affected the popular syndicated game show Jeopardy!, as Mike Richards (who had been named host of the show before resigning in the span of nine days) was executive producer for Price from 2008 to 2019.  The Price Is Right has expanded beyond television to home, live stage shows and casino-based games.  A four-disc DVD box set, titled The Best of "The Price Is Right", was released on March 25, 2008.[123] The set features four episodes of the 1956–1965 Bill Cullen series, 17 episodes of the Barker 1972–1975 daytime series and the final five daytime episodes hosted by Barker. In accordance with Barker's animal-rights wishes, which remain in effect beyond his retirement, any episodes with fur coats as prizes cannot be aired or released onto home media formats. This includes the first three daytime shows recorded in 1972, plus most of the 1970s syndicated run.  Seven board games have been produced. One of them was a variation of a card game, using prizes and price tags from the 1956 version.[124] The second was based more closely on the original version of the show.[125]  Three games were produced during the 1970s by Milton Bradley, with Contestants' Row, some pricing games and, in the case of the third version, a spinner for the Big Wheel. In the first two versions, decks of cards had various grocery items, small prizes and larger prizes. The third version simply had cards for each game that included ten sets of "right" answers, all using the same price choices. The instruction book specified what color cards were necessary for each round.  The 1986 version, again by Milton Bradley, was similar in scope to the earlier version, with new prizes and more games, but lacking the Big Wheel. The instruction book refers to Contestants' Row as the "Qualifying Round" and the pricing games as "Solo Games." The book also instructs players to use items priced under $100 as One Bids.[125] The 1998 version of the game, by Endless Games, was virtually identical to the 1986 release, with the same games, prizes, and even the same prices. The only changes were that the number tiles were made of cardboard bits instead of plastic and the cars from the deck of prizes with four-digit prices were removed.  The 2004 version, again by Endless Games, was a complete departure from previous home versions.[125] Instead of different prize cards and games, the game consisted of everything needed to play 45 games and enough materials to create all the games not technically included if the "host" wished to and knew their rules. The Big Wheel spinner was also restored, this time with the numbers in the correct order. Additionally, the prices, instead of being random numbers that could change each time the game was played, were actual prices taken from episodes of the TV show. To fit everything in the box, grocery items and prizes were listed in the instruction book and games were played on dry erase boards. A spinner determined the game to be played next, although its use was not necessarily required if the "host" wished to build his own game lineup, or even use a pricing game not included in the lineup.  In 1990, GameTek created a Price Is Right computer game for the DOS and Commodore 64 platforms[126] and other systems to fit in their line of other game show games. A handheld Tiger game was made in 1998 with four pricing games. A DVD game with 12 pricing games, live casino show host Todd Newton and video of prizes taken directly from the show was produced by Endless Games in 2005.[127] A 2008 DVD edition, also from Endless Games, featured many changes based on season 36 and included seven new games: Half Off, More or Less, Swap Meet, Secret X, That's Too Much, Coming or Going, and Hole in One. It also featured both host Drew Carey and announcer Rich Fields.[128] CBS.com featured an online Price Is Right-based game in the late 1990s, which was plugged in the closing credits of each episode. The game consisted of choosing which of the four bidders in Contestant's Row was closest to the price of a prize without going over. Additionally, Mobliss provides a suite of pricing games for cellular phones.[129]  On March 26, 2008, Ludia (in connection with Ubisoft) launched The Price Is Right video game for PC. A version for the Wii and Nintendo DS platforms was released in September 2008, while a version for the iOS was released in November 2008. The show's then-current announcer, Rich Fields, was the host of the computer version. The virtual set in the game resembled the set used in Seasons 31 to 34. Ludia announced that all three platforms will receive a new version of the video game that was previewed at the Target Bullseye Lounge during the Electronic Entertainment Expo trade show on June 2–4, 2009. The Price Is Right 2010 Edition was released on September 22, 2009.[130] In the fall of 2010, Ludia developed a multi-player version for Facebook. A third Ludia adaptation, The Price Is Right Decades, featuring set designs, pricing games and prizes taken from the 1970s through 2000s, was initially released for the Wii in October 2011, with an Xbox 360 and iOS release following in November and December. The Price Is Right 2010 Edition and The Price Is Right Decades have also been released as downloads within the PlayStation Store for the PlayStation 3 in May 2010 and April 2012, respectively. Irwin Toys released an electronic tabletop version in 2008 featuring Contestant's Row, the Big Wheel, a physical Plinko board with chips, Showcases and seven pricing games. Jakks Pacific released a Plug It in and Play version of The Price Is Right in 2009,[131] featuring Carey and Fields.  A series of video slot machines were manufactured for North American casinos by International Game Technology. Although gameplay varies by machine, each feature themes and motifs found on the show, including the Showcase Showdown, with themes used following Carey's start as host.[132][133][134] Others feature pricing games as gameplay elements, including Plinko,[135] Cliff Hangers,[136] Punch a Bunch,[137] Dice Game,[138] and Money Game.[139]  A scratchcard version of the game is being offered by several U.S. and Canadian state/provincial lotteries, featuring adaptations of Plinko, Cliff Hangers, the Showcase Showdown and the Showcase. The top prize varies with each version.[140]  After the 30th anniversary episode taped in Las Vegas in 2002, Harrah's and RTL Group began producing live licensed shows (dubbed The Price Is Right Live!) at their venues, with several performers, including Roger Lodge, Newton, and Gray hosting, with West, Rosen, and Dave Walls announcing.  In 2022, the show launched a coast-to-coast tour of live events celebrating the show's 50th anniversary.[141][142] Contestants had "a chance to play Plinko, spin the wheel, and compete in a Showcase"[142]  to win prizes, and had a chance to win an additional $50,000. The tour visited 50 locations and stopped in Los Angeles, Denver, Dallas, New Orleans, Nashville, St. Louis, Cleveland (the hometown of the show's current host Drew Carey) and New York. In October 2022, the tour returned as part of a special weekend event along with the celebration of Carey's 15th season as host sponsored by the Paley Center for Media called PaleyWKND.[143] In addition, Drew Carey, George Gray and Devin Goda were scheduled to be there in person.    Bob Stewart Mark Goodson Bill Todman Marc Breslow (1972–86) Paul Alter (1986–2001) Bart Eskander (2000–09) Rich DiPirro (2009–11) Michael Dimich (2011–12) Ryan Polito (2012–13) Adam Sandler (2013–present) Bob Barker Drew Carey Nighttime: Dennis James Bob Barker Tom Kennedy Drew Carey Johnny Olson Rod Roddy Rich Fields George Gray 9,000 (as of October 10, 2019)[1] Nighttime (1972–80): 300 (1 unaired) Nighttime (1985–86): 170[2] Frank Wayne Bob Barker Syd Vinnedge Mike Richards Evelyn Warfel Jay Wolpert Roger Dobkowitz Phil Wayne Rossi Barbara Hunter Kathy Greco 38–48 minutes (1975–present) 22–26 minutes (1972–75, 1972–80 Nighttime, 1985–86 Nighttime) Mark Goodson-Bill Todman Productions (1972–84) Price Productions (1972–80 Nighttime, 1985–86 Nighttime, 1972–94) Mark Goodson Productions (1984–2007) All American Television (1996–98) Pearson Television (1998–2002) Fremantle (2002–present) in association with CBSThe Price is Right Productions, Inc.(2003–present) Fremantle for CBS Viacom Enterprises (1972–80 Nighttime) The Television Program Source (1985–86 Nighttime) CBS Syndicated (1972–80 Nighttime, 1985–86 Nighttime, At Night, 2019–present Nighttime) NTSC (1972–2008) HDTV 1080i (2008–present) Mono (1972–87) CBS StereoSound (1987–97) Digital Stereo (1997–2013) 5.1 Surround (2013–present) September 4, 1972 (1972-09-04)–present Nighttime: September 10, 1972 (1972-09-10)–September 13, 1980 (1980-09-13) (weekly) September 9, 1985 (1985-09-09)–September 5, 1986 (1986-09-05) (daily) Come On Down, a 1984 BBC produced documentary about American game shows.[103][104] Come On Down! The Game Show Story, a 2014 ITV British documentary mini-series presented by Bradley Walsh.[105] Come on Down!, a 2016 documentary about two friends who venture from Boston to Cali to crack the greatest game show in television history.[106] Perfect Bid: The Contestant Who Knew Too Much was released on October 13, 2017, and was directed by CJ Wallis[107] and was produced by FortyFPS Productions and MK Ultra Productions. It explores how contestant Ted Slauson became adept at memorizing the prices of the prizes and products on the show since its inception in 1972, culminating in Slauson's helping contestant Terry Kniess bid perfectly on a showcase in 2008. It became one of the biggest controversies in game-show history, and was covered by Time, Esquire, TMZ and other publications. The film features guest appearances by Bob Barker, Roger Dobkowitz, Kevin Pollak and Drew Carey."
Rasesa;"   Rasesa is a village in Kgatleng District of Botswana. The village is located 10 km west of Mochudi, along the Gaborone–Mahalapye road. The population was 2,461 in 2001 census.[1]  Coordinates: 24°22′27″S 26°4′21″E﻿ / ﻿24.37417°S 26.07250°E﻿ / -24.37417, 26.07250    This Botswana location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Mikhalevo (Golovinskoye Rural Settlement), Sudogodsky District, Vladimir Oblast;" Mikhalevo (Russian: Михалёво) is a rural locality (a village) in Golovinskoye Rural Settlement, Sudogodsky District, Vladimir Oblast, Russia. The population was 3 as of 2010.[2]  It is located 2 km north from Golovino, 30 km west from Sudogda.  This Sudogodsky District location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Caroline Haddad;" Caroline Haddad is a Canadian figure skating coach and former competitive pair skater. With Jean-Sébastien Fecteau, she is the 1992 and 1994 World Junior silver medallist and the 1993 Nebelhorn Trophy champion.[1]  Haddad is currently a coach. She has coached Steza Foo / David Struthers[2] and Cathy Harvey / Jean-Marc Babin.[3]  (with Fecteau)    This article about a Canadian figure skater is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Yury Zuev;" Yuri Alexeyevich Zuev or Zuyev (Russian: Юрий Алексеевич Зуев, 8 December 1932 – 5 December 2006) was a Russian-born Kazakh sinologist and turkologist.  Zuev was born in the Siberian city of Tümen in a white-collar family. Zuev studied at the Leningrad State University and majored in the historical studies of the Eastern Asian countries, successfully learning Classical Chinese, Middle Chinese, and modern Chinese. In 1955, Zuev received a B.A. diploma and was sent to work in the Institute of History, Archeology and Ethnography of the Kazakh SSR Academy of Sciences.  He received his Ph.D. in 1967. His PhD thesis "Ancient Turkic genealogical legends as a source on early history of Turkic people" included a number of new discoveries about the socio-political history of the Turks, suggested the etymology of the name of the Ashina tribe, traced the historical past of the Turkic tribes in the Chinese genealogical legends, and suggested a hypothesis about an ethnic triumvirate of Ashina-Ashide-Basmyl. The main finding of his thesis was the etymology of the name of the Kagan tribe Ashina.  Zuev was a collaborator in important editions of the USSR history: "Historical Atlas of the USSR peoples", "Historical atlas of the Kazakh SSR", and five-volume edition "History of the Kazakh SSR from most ancient times to the present". The mass of Zuev's work included analysis of the Kazakhstan and  Central Asian political history from the 3rd century BC to the 3rd century AD, history of ancient and medieval periods, ethnic composition and movement of tribes in the Western Turkic Kaganate, and pre-Mongolian period (10th–12th centuries) history. Zuev wrote about the genesis, ethnic composition and political history of the Türgesh Kaganate.  After the fall of the USSR, Zuev was able to publish a number of works on ancient and medieval history of nomadic peoples of the Central Asia and Kazakhstan. These include "Sarmato-Alans of Aral (Yancai\Abzoya)" (1995), "Ancient Turkic social terminology in the Chinese texts of the 8th century" (1998), "Creation of Türgesh Kaganate: history and tradition" (1996), "Forms of the ethno-social organization of Central Asia nomadic peoples in antiquity and Middle Ages: pied horde, centuria (comparative – typological study)" (1998), "Kypchak Urbe-khan in epos and history" (2001), "Manichaeism and Talas (interpretation of Ancient Turkic inscriptions)" (2002).  Zuev's 70th birthday in 2002 coincided with the publication of his lifetime work, a monograph "Early Turks: Sketches of history and ideology", followed by "A Strongest Tribe" (2004) and "Seyanto Kaganate and Kimeks (Central Asian Turkic ethnogeography in the middle of the 7th century)" (2004).  His bibliography comprises approximately 40 major works.  Question on mutual relations of Usuns and Kanju with Huns and China in the second half of the 1st century B.C. (Campaign of Hun Shanyu Chzhichzhi to the West) // News of Kazakh Academy of Sciences, Series of History, Economy, Philosophy and Law, Issue 2 (5), Alma-Ata, 1957, p. 62–72 Question of ancient Usuns language // Bulletin of Kazakh Academy of Sciences, No 5 (146), 1957, p. 61–74. The term "kyrkun" (Question of Kyrgyzes' ethnic origin in Chinese sources) // Works of History  Institute of Kirgiz SSR Academy of Sciences, Issue IV, Frunze, 1958, p. 169-175 The Kirgiz inscription from Sudja. // the Soviet Oriental Studies, № 3, 1958. p. 133–135. Horse Tamgas from Vassal Princedoms, (Translation of the Chinese composition of VIII – X centuries Tanhuyyao) // Works of History, Archaeology and Ethnography Institute, 1960, Vol. VIII, p. 93–140 Chinese news about Suyab // News Kazakh Academy of Sciences. Series of History, archaeology and ethnography, Alma-Ata, 1960. Issue 3 (14). pp. 87–96. Ethnic history of Usuns. // Works of Institute of History, archaeology and ethnography Kazakh Academy of Sciences. Vol. VIII. Alma–Ata, 1960. pp. 5–25. From Ancient Türkic etnonymy in Chinese sources // Works of Institute of History, Archaeology and Ethnography of Kazakh Academy of Sciences. Vol. XV. Alma-Ata, 1962. pp. 104–122. Ancient Türkic genealogic legends as a source on early history of Türks. (Author's abstract of PhD dissertation), Alma-Ata, 1967 Semantics of ethnonym Imur/Imir // News of Turkmen SSR Academy of Sciences, Issue 4, Ashkhabad, 1968, pp. 95–96 Kirgiz – Buruts // Soviet Ethnography. No 4, М., 1970. Rashid ad-din "Djami at-Tavarih" as a source on early history of Djalairs //Eastern Written monuments, М., 1972. pp. 178–185 Yuechji and Kushans in Chinese sources // Central Asia in Kushan epoch, Vol. 1, 1974. Political history of Huns, Usuns and Kangyui (Kangar) / History of Kazakh SSR, Alma–Ata, 1977, Vol. 1, pp. 284–293. Western Türkic Kaganate / History of Kazakh SSR, Alma-Ata, 1977, Vol. 1, pp. 321–336. Invasion of Kidans / History of Kazakh SSR, Alma-Ata, 1979, Vol. 2, pp. 33–37. Karahytai in Jeti-su / History of Kazakh SSR, Alma-Ata, 1979, Vol. 2. pp. 38–43. Ethnocultural connections of early Kimeks // News of Kazakhstan Republic Academy of Sciences, Almaty, 1992, No 5, pp. 26–38. Sarmato-Alans of Aral (Yancai\Abzoya) // Culture of nomads at boundary of centuries (XIX-ХХ, ХХ-XXI centuries): problems of genesis and transformation. (Materials of the International conference), Almaty, 1995. pp. 38–68. Creation of Türgesh Kaganate: History and tradition // Evolution of Kazakhstan statehood. Almaty, 1996. pp. 30–34. Semantics of the term "Karluk" // Evolution of Kazakhstan statehood, Almaty, 1996, pp. 35–39. Ancient Türkic social terminology in Chinese text of VIII century // Questions of Kazakhstan archaeology, Almaty-Moscow, 1998, Issue 2, pp. 153–161. Forms of ethno-social organization of nomadic peoples in Central Asia in antiquity and Middle Ages: pied horde, centuria (comparative - typological study) // Military art of nomads of Central Asia and Kazakhstan (Antiquity Epoch and Middle Ages), Almaty, 1998, pp. 49–100. Kypchak Urbe-khan in epochs and history // Ancient Türkic civilization: monuments of writing. Almaty, 2001, pp. 419–430. Early Türks: Essays on History and Ideology, Almaty, 2002, A Strongest Tribe. Historical and cultural interrelations of Iran and Dasht-i Kipchak, Almaty, 2004, pp. 31–68. Seyanto Kaganate and Kimeks (Türkic etnogeography. Central Asia in the middle of the VII century) // Shygys, No 1, pp. 11–22, No 2, pp. 3–26, 2004 Shukhovtsov V.K., Torlanbaeva K.U., "Scholar Yu.A. Zuev", Tugan ulke (Native land), Almaty, 2005, No 4 // Шуховцов В.К., Торланбаева К.У. "Ученый Ю.А. Зуев", Туган ульке (Родной край), Алматы, 2005, No 4 (In Russian) Torlanbaeva K.U., "In glorious memory of the teacher", Shygys - East, 2006, No 1 // Торланбаева К.У. Светлой памяти учителя // Shygys - Восток,   1, 2006 (In Russian) Shymyrbaeva G. "In memory of the scientist", News of al-Farabi Kazakh National University, Philological series, Almaty, 2006, No 1 (91) //  Шымырбаева Г. Памяти ученого // Вестник Казахского Национального университета им. аль-Фараби. Серия филологическая. Алматы, 2006,   1 (91) 2006 (In Russian) "Chingiz-name. Utemish-hoji." Facsimile, translation, transcription, textological notes, V.P.Udin research, Almaty, 1992, ISBN 5-628-01309-9 // "Чингиз-наме. Утемиш-ходжи." Факсимиле, перевод, транскрипция,текстологические примечания, исследования В.П. Юдина. Алма-Ата, 1992 ISBN 5-628-01309-9 (In Russian) ISNI 1 1 VIAF 1 1 WorldCat Germany United States SUDOC (France) 1 1"
Quittapahilla Creek;" Quittapahilla Creek (nicknamed the "Quittie") is a 16.8-mile-long (27.0 km)[2] tributary of Swatara Creek in south-central Pennsylvania in the United States. The original Lenape name for this waterway is Kuwektəpehəle, which means 'it flows out (ktəpehəle[3]) from the pines (kuwe[4])'.  Quittapahilla Creek rises in eastern Lebanon County, flows west-southwest through Lebanon and Annville, and joins Swatara Creek northeast of Palmyra.  By the late 20th century the creek had become polluted from steel mill waste. The decline of industry in the region, as well as federal, state, and local efforts, have led to an improvement in water quality. The stream is stocked annually with trout and it has become a popular destination for recreational fly fishing.    This Lebanon County, Pennsylvania state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This article related to a river in Pennsylvania is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Killinger Creek Bachman Run Beck Creek Snitz Creek Brandywine Creek Spang Creek[citation needed] List of rivers of Pennsylvania"
Tivaouane;" Tivaouane or Tivawan (Wolof: Tiwaawan, French: Tivaouane) is a city located in the Thiès Region of Senegal.  Tivaouane was part of the Wolof kingdom of Cayor, and was at one time its capital. It was first described to Europeans in the 15th century by Venetian explorer Luigi Cada-Mosto.  In 1904, it was the fifth largest city in Sénégal after Saint-Louis, Dakar, Rufisque and Gorée.  It is also one of the sacred places of the Tijaniyya Sufi brotherhood. Each week, followers come to visit the tombs of religious leaders, especially that of El-Hadji Malick Sy. Visitors flock each year to celebrate the birth of the prophet Muhammad in a festival called the Maouloud (or Gamou, in Wolof, a word borrowed from one of the Serer religious festivals).  The influence of the Muslim brotherhoods of Senegal helps to explain the dramatic demographic growth of the city, which had a population of less than 7900 in 1960.  In 2003, the mosque and zawia (Muslim school) of El-Hadji Malick Sy, the mosque of Serigne Babacar Sy [fr] and the railway station were added to the list of Senegalese historic monuments.[1]  In 2022, the recently inaugurated Mame Abdou Aziz Sy Dabakh [fr] Hospital in Tivaouane caught fire due to a short circuit. The neonatal department burned down to the ground, with 11 newborn babies dead.[2]  Tivaouane is the capital of the Tivaouane Department in the région de Thiès.  Tivaouane is a regional transport hub, where the route nationale n° 2 connecting Dakar and Saint-Louis passes near Thiès.  The nearest small towns are Yendam, Keur Massamba Daguene, Selko, Ndiagane, Keur Assane, Ndiassane [fr] et Sintiou Pir.  Between the censuses of 1988 and 2002, Tivaouane grew from 27,117 to 38,213 inhabitants.  In 2007, according to official estimates, the population has grown to 39,766, which makes it the 15th largest city in Senegal.  Wolofs are the largest ethnic group in the area.[citation needed][dubious  – discuss]  Tivaouane is in an agricultural region, at the heart of the bassin arachidier of Arachide oil (Peanut oil) production.  Catering to religious gatherings and celebrations also plays a great role in the economy.  Translation of Fr:Wikipedia Article. (in French) Aboubacar Diaw Seydi, L’évolution de la population de Tivaouane depuis le début du siècle, Dakar, Université de Dakar, 1988, 3 + 94 p. + 8 p. (Mémoire de Maîtrise de géographie) (in French) Cheikh Tidiane Fall, El Hadji Malick Sy à Tivaouane de 1902 à 1922, Dakar, Université de Dakar, 1986, 92 p. (Mémoire de Maîtrise)"
Richard John King;" Richard John King (18 January, 1818–10 February, 1879) was an English antiquarian and scholar of medieval poetry. He is best known as a writer of handbooks.  He was the eldest son of Richard King and his wife Mary Grace Windeatt, and was born on 18 Jan. 1818 at Montpelier, Pennycross, a chapelry attached to St Andrew, Plymouth. His father died in April 1829, his mother survived until 13 January 1884. He matriculated at Exeter College, Oxford, on 17 November 1836, and graduated B.A. in 1841.[1][2]  On his father's death King inherited a substantial property, including the estate of Bigadon in Buckfastleigh, Devon, where he lived until 1854. The lands, however, were heavily mortgaged, and in that year they were sold under pecuniary pressure, when he was also forced to part with his father's collection of pictures and the magnificent library which he himself had amassed. King then withdrew to The Limes, Crediton, and supported himself by writing. He was elected a member of the Devonshire Association in 1874, and its president in 1875, when his address dealt with the early history of Devon.[1]  King died at The Limes, Crediton on 10 February 1879, and was buried in its churchyard. The east window of the lady-chapel being filled with stained glass in his memory. The east window and four smaller windows in Buckfastleigh Church were given by him when he was residing at Bigadon.[1]  King's first major work was Selections from Early Ballad Poetry, 1842, with notes. He contributed to Murray's Handbooks for Travellers with Kent and Sussex (1858), Surrey and Hampshire (1858), Eastern Counties (1861), and Yorkshire (1866–8). Those for Northamptonshire (1872–7) and Warwickshire with Hertfordshire (1872–5) were partly written by him. He was the main writer for Murray's Handbooks to the Cathedrals of England, which were issued during 1861–9, and in the subsequent volume on the Cathedrals of Wales (1873). The Handbook to Hereford Cathedral was printed off separately in 1864, and the account of the three choirs (Gloucester, Hereford, and Worcester) appeared in one volume in 1866.[1]  A novel Anschar: a Story of the North (Plymouth 1850), was published anonymously in 1850, based on Ansgar's mission of converting the Norsemen to Christianity. A selection from King's articles was published in 1874 as Sketches and Studies.[1]  The Supernatural Beings of the Middle Ages and The Origin of the Romance Literature of the XII and XIII Centuries, dedicated to Richard Cowley Powles, were lectures read before the Essay Society of Exeter College, printed by King in 1840, for private distribution. To the Oxford Essays for 1856) he contributed a paper on Carlovingian Romance, later included in his Sketches and Studies. The Forest of Dartmoor and its Borders: an Historical Sketch was a fragment from a planned history of Devon. He contributed papers to the Transactions of the Devonshire Association. With several of its members he was engaged in translating and editing the "Devonshire Domesday."[1]  King frequently wrote in the Academy and in Notes and Queries. For the Encyclopædia Britannica ninth edition he supplied accounts of Cornwall and Devon. The first five parts of Our Own Country were written by him for Cassell & Co., and he assisted in the compilation of Picturesque Europe.[1]   This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Lee, Sidney, ed. (1892). "King, Richard John". Dictionary of National Biography. Vol. 31. London: Smith, Elder & Co. "
Evgeny Salias De Tournemire;" Count Evgeny Andreyevich Salias de Tournemire (Russian: Евгений Андреевич Салиас-де-Турнемир, 25 April 1840 – 18 December 1908) was a Russian writer, best known for his adventure novels based upon various episodes of Russian history of the 18th and early 19th centuries. [1]  Evgeny Salias de Tournemire was born in Moscow, to the French citizen, Count Andre Salias de Tournemire, and his Russian wife, Elizaveta Vasilyevna (née  Sukhovo-Kobylina), who later became a well-known author in her own right, writing under the pseudonym Evgenya Tur.  After graduating from the Moscow's 3rd Gymnasium in 1859 he enrolled in Moscow University to study law. In 1861 he took part in the students' manifestations and was one of the three envoys chosen to be sent to Saint Petersburg with a petition to Alexander II. Later that year for that very reason he was expelled from the University and in the early 1862 left Russia for France with his mother. It was there that he started to write.[1]  Salias de Tournemire debuted as a published author in 1863 as the then Alexey Pisemsky-led Biblioteka Dlya Chtenya published his debut short novel Xanya the Weird (Ксаня чудная). It was followed by Darkness (Тьма), The Jewess (Еврейка) and Manzhaja (Манжажа), all four lauded by critics. Nikolai Ogaryov, writing to Evgenya Tur, congratulated her with her son's success and expressed delight with the birth of 'a new fine Russian writer'.[2]  Having extensively travelled Spain (this journey resulted in a series of sketches called "Letters from Spain") and Italy (where he met the painter Alexander Ivanov), in 1869 Salias de Tournemire returned to Russia and in 1876 received his Russian citizenship. During the years that preceded it, he worked as a lawyer and state official in Tula and Tambov, respectively, but also wrote Gavriil Derzhavin's biography (The Governor Poet, Поэт-наместник, 1871), a sentimental short novel Pandurochka (Пандурочка), and, most significantly, his first historical novel The Pugachov Men (Пугачёвцы), preceded by an extensive archive research, and visits to the sites of battles fought by Emelyan Pugachov's army. Originally published by Russky vestnik in 1874, the novel enjoyed enormous success with the readership, but received mixed reviews, some critics accusing the author of choosing as a template Lev Tolstoy's War and Peace and following it too obviously.[3]  The same year Salias accepted the offer made to him by the publisher and journalist Mikhail Katkov to become the head of the Russian newspaper Sankt-Peterburgskiye Vedomosti. Later, in 1881, he founded his own short-lived magazine Polyarnaya Zvesda which focused on history and historical literature. Dozens of novels he wrote in 1880s-1890s (including The Orlov Brothers, The Foundling, The Volodimir Princess, The Don Spanyards, and Free Thinkers) only cemented Salias de Tournemire's reputation of the 'best-loved contemporary author in Russia'.[1][4]  Salias de Tournemire died after prolonged illness in his Moscow house at the Pokrov Levshin region where he spent the last 18 years of his life. He was interred in the Novodevichy Cemetery.[5][6]  Salias de Tournemire's numerous best-selling novels have earned him the widely recognized reputation of the 'Russian Dumas'. Still, the critics refused to give him credit as a serious author, finding most of his novels faulty in terms of historical facts and totally unoriginal. In 1890s the first edition of the Complete Salias De Tournemire in 33 volumes came out. The publication of the second one which started out in 1901, was stopped in 1917, after Volume XX. In the Soviet times his works weren't re-issued, being deemed pro-monarchist and backward-looking.  The interest  in Russia for Salias de Tournemire's legacy rose sharply in the 1990s, numerous of his novels (notably, Million, Arakcheyev's Little Offspring and The Krutoyar Princess) were re-issued in 1995, to be followed by several compilations.[7] "
Haltlose personality disorder;"   Haltlose personality disorder was a type of personality disorder diagnosis largely used in German-, Russian- and French-speaking countries. The German word  haltlose refers to being "unstable" (literally: "without footing"), and in English-speaking countries the diagnosis was sometimes referred to as "the unstable psychopath" (although it was little known even among experts in psychiatry).[9][10]  In the early twentieth century, haltlose personality disorder was described by Emil Kraepelin and Gustav Aschaffenburg.[11][12][13] In 1905, Kraepelin first used the term to describe individuals possessing psychopathic traits built upon short-sighted selfishness[14] and irresponsible hedonism, combined with an inability to anchor one's identity to a future or past.[9][15] By 1913, he had characterized the symptomatology as stemming from a lack of inhibition.[16][17] Haltlose was also characterized as a psychopathy with an "absence of intent or lack of will".[3]  The diagnosis was recognized by Karl Jaspers, and by Eugen and Manfred Bleuler, among others.[3]  In 1933, it was argued that significant social restraints needed to be imposed on the lives of people diagnosed with haltlose personality disorder, including "constant guardianship in an organized environment under the pressure of a harsh lifestyle, or in the hands of a person with a strong will who does not let him out of his sight".[18] In 1936, it was claimed that – along with other "hyperthymics" – haltlose personalities constituted "the main component of serious crime".[19] Haltlose came to be studied as a type of psychopathy relevant to criminology,[20][21][22] as people with the diagnosis were viewed as becoming "very easily involved in criminality"[23] and predisposed to aggression[4][24] or homicide.[25]  Haltlose personality disorder was viewed as difficult to identify due to high levels of conformity.[26] Contrasting traits were noted of pronounced suggestibility and "abnormal rigidity and intransigence and firmness".[27] As recently as 1978, a claim was made that a diagnosis of haltlose personality disorder carried one of the most unfavorable prognoses among the different types of psychopathies recognized at the time.[28]  Regarding recent medical classifications, the term "haltlose personality disorder" was mentioned  in ICD-10 under "other specific personality disorders", and in DSM-III under "other personality disorders", but the term was not described or discussed in either classification (separately, it was claimed that the diagnosis describes a combination of frontal lobe syndrome, sociopathic and histrionic personality traits[9]). It is no longer mentioned in DSM-4, DSM-5 or ICD-11.   Haltlos is a German word that contextually refers to a floundering, aimless, irresponsible lifestyle,[9] and the diagnosis is named Haltlose using the feminine or plural nominalization of the word.[29] They were commonly clinically termed an "unstable psychopath",[30][4] which is differentiated from emotionally unstable personality disorder (the ICD-10 equivalent of borderline personality disorder). It was remarked in early studies that England, the United States and northern European countries did not use the same typology, not distinguishing between those psychopaths who were unstable and those who were "Unstable Psychopaths".[31][clarification needed]  It has been dubbed a part of "German-speaking psychiatry".[32] The term "Haltlose" is more common in the study of psychiatry, while "Willenlose" is preferred in sociology.[33] Some like Karl Birnbaum prefer the term "Haltlose", while others like Kurt Schneider prefer "Willenlos" shifting focus off their lack of self-control[34] and opposed to the moralist tones of those like Birnbaum who had described the Haltlose as unable to grasp "important ideal values such as honor and morality, duty and responsibility, as well as material ones such as prosperity and health".[34][35] In 1928, Eugen Kahn argued Willenlose was a misnomer, as the patients demonstrated plenty of "will" and simply lacked the ability to translate it into action.[36]  Historically, researchers such as Schneider argued that instability is the symptom, whereas lack of volition is the underlying cause.[37] It is not included in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, possibly due to a modern belief that the concept of volition is outdated and overshadowed by the concepts of motivation and arousal or drive.[38]  In 1963, Karl Jaspers defined the term as "those who have no willpower at all, the drifters, simply echoing any influence that impinges on them".[2] However, in 1976, the Government of Canada listed the alternate term "Unstable drifter" in a psychiatric criminology context as a problematic term for which they could not readily offer a French translation in accordance with their bilingualism laws.[39][40] Similar issues have arisen trying to translate it to other languages, including Turkish.[41]  In the early 20th century, Aschaffenburg distanced himself from accusations that the diagnosis was intended to protect criminals from punishment, emphasizing instead that those with Haltlose personality disorder "generally cannot be exculpated".[42][43]  Dr. Friedrich Stumpfl cautioned against what he saw as a trend of diagnosing haltlose personality disorder without investigating comorbidities that may be even more pronounced.[44] In condemning the idea of personality disorders generally, Joachim-Ernst Meyer suggested in 1976 that Schneider's early description of the Haltlose personality disorder, as a lack of determination in aspects of life including parenting, could just as easily be described as an example of a neurosis rather than a psychopathy if studied only by its aetiology rather than its symptoms,[45] and used it as an example of the nature versus nurture debate that surrounded all personality disorders.[45] Critics ceded that the term "Haltlose" remained of value in educational and therapeutic contexts, while suggesting future collaboration between psychiatric research and sociologists would allow further definition.[46][clarification needed]  It has been criticized as a "diagnosis of convenience [that] avoids all further deliberations about a psychopathic personality".[47] Dr. DM Svrakic and Dr. M Divac-Jovanovic suggested the ICD-10 explanations of Haltlose, Immature and Psychoneurotic personality disorders appeared "dubious",[48] and sociologist James Cosgrave found psychiatric use to represent a "fringe figure".[49] A graduate student at Bochumer Stadt & Studierendenzeitung condemned the historical diagnosis from an LGBT perspective, opining that "incredibly oppressive language" had been used by the psychiatrists studying it such as "pathological femininity".[50]  It may be that the evolution of test-batteries have minimized diagnoses of Haltlosen, differentiating it from some newer models in psychiatry.[51]  One proposed explanation for the development of haltlose personality trait was fear. After discovering a guilty conscience due to some act or omission they have committed, "they then live under constant fear of the consequences of their action or inaction, fear of something bad that might strike them" in stark opposition to their apparent carelessness or hyperthymic temperament,[52] which is itself frequently a subconscious reaction to overwhelming fear.[30] Given their tendency to "exaggerate, to embroider their narratives, to picture themselves in ideal situations, to invent stories",[53] this fear then manifests as being "apt to blame others for their offences, frequently seeking to avoid responsibility for their actions".[54] They do not hold themselves responsible for their failed life, instead identifying as an ill-treated martyr.[14]  They were characterized as Dégénérés supérieurs,[55] demonstrating normal or heightened intellect but degraded moral standards.[56] Of the ten types of psychopaths defined by Schneider, only the Gemütlose (compassionless) and the Haltlose "had high levels of criminal behavior" without external influence, and thus made up the minority of psychopaths who are "virtually doomed to commit crimes" by virtue only of their own constitution.[34] Frequently changing their determined goals,[30] a haltlose psychopath is "constantly looking for an external hold, it doesn't really matter whether they join occult or fascist movements".[57] The ability to moderate external influence was considered one of three characteristics necessary to form an overall personality, thus leaving Haltlose patients without a functional personality of their own.[58] A study of those with haltlose personality disorder concludes "In all of those cases, the result was a continuous social decline that ended in asocial-parasitic existence or an antisocial-criminal life".[34][59][35]  Described as bearing a "pronounced heredity burden",[60] the propensity for Haltlose has also been suggested to be passed only through the maternal genes.[61] Tending to offer "primitive reactions"[62] and "poor and immature judgement",[54][63] they were noted to display an absolute lack of purpose in their lives "except for the simple biological need to continue living".[64][year missing]  Gustav von Bergmann, a specialist in internal medicine rather than psychiatry, wrote in 1936 that Haltlose personality disorder was entirely biological rather than fostered through psychological experiences.[65] Indeed, Dr. Hans Luxenburger proposed in 1939 that a toxin in the metabolism, when present with Haltlose personality disorder, might be responsible for asthenic difficulties such as shortness of breath, nausea, and cluster headaches.[55] Dr. E.H. Hughes noted that two-thirds of Huntington's disease patients had previously been diagnosed as Haltlose or Gemütlose psychopaths.[55]  A study in 1949 of different psychopathies under examination by electroencephalography recordings showed that borderline personalities and haltlose personalities had increased levels of dysrhythmia, whereas other subtypes of psychopathy did not show variation.[66] An individual in 1931 was noted as having initially improved but relapsed "because of encephalitis".[67] As with other personality disorders, a 1923 article suggests it can also be acquired through encephalitis.[68] In 2006, an Essex warehouse employee who sustained head injuries was awarded £3 million compensation on the basis it had caused him to develop Haltlose personality disorder, seeking out prostitutes and pornography which destroyed his marriage.[69]  Mistakes cannot be fully avoided when placing children under care. Even an experienced specialist often cannot distinguish between a blossoming hebephrenia and a Gemutlose or Haltlose personality disorder. Even with weeks of institutional observation, the certainty of our diagnostic aids can remain doubtful...under certain circumstances a doctor will advise medical care even at the risk of learning the patient cannot improve as a result of mental illness and will end up in a madhouse. Dr. W. Blankenburg posited in 1968 that those with haltlose personality disorder exhibited less categorical orientation than those patients who were simply unstable.[70] By 1962, lobotomies were being tested as a possible means to limit the chaotic thinking of the Haltlose personality.[71]  Those with haltlose personality disorder demonstrate similarities to hysteroid dysphoria.[72][26] In 1928, it was proposed that fantasy prone personality was likely a subset of Haltlose personalities, experiencing maladaptive daydreaming and absorption.[73]  The eugenicist Verners Kraulis of the University of Latvia noted it was frequently comorbid with Histrionic personality disorder.[74][failed verification]  According to 1968 research, haltlose personality disorder is frequently comorbid with other mental health diagnoses, and rarely appears isolated on its own.[75] Hans Heinze focused on his belief that Haltlose ultimately stemmed from a sense of inferiority,[58] while Kramer held there was a battling inferiority complex and superiority complex.[76]  The Haltlose were said to have a dynamic instinctual drive to "cling" to others, to avoid a horrible loneliness they fear[26] – but they will always represent a "lurking danger" because they were unable to actually maintain the necessary relationship and were in a class with the "forever abandoned".[77] According to 1926 research, they view all interaction as a means of winning "indulgence from some people, help from other people".[78]  One early study indicated that 7.5% of psychopaths were Haltlose,[79][80] and Kraepelin estimated that his own practice determined fewer than 20% of psychopaths he saw were Haltlose.[51] However, later studies, after differentiating out newer diagnoses, have suggested that it may be fewer than 1% of psychopaths who are truly Haltlose.[26][81]  Described in 1922 as both "moody" and "passive",[82] they quickly switch from over-confidence in victory to sullen defiance.[83]  Their emotional lability[84][85] means they alternate between projecting an optimistic and competent image claiming they are "destined to do great things", and a more honest cynicism and depression.[53] Research in 1925 indicates they display "great emotional irritability, which may result in violent loss of temper...and interpret every limitation as an undeserved insult"[53][86] and have a "pronounced lust for argument".[61] The symptoms are considered to worsen if patients are granted greater independence "in the home and in their work".[30]  Their self schema only encompasses the immediate present.[9] They are described as "living in a random location and moment".[24][year missing] A common pitfall in therapy is that they proved in 1917 to be "very superficial, they easily acquire knowledge but do not apply it in any way and soon forget it".[53]  The essence of these people...playthings of external influences, allowing themselves to be carried away by events like a leaf in the wind! ...Impermanence is everything. In one hour, they are happy and excited with the whole world lying open for them in the splendor of the joy of life, but the next hour casts aside this optimism and the future now seems bleak, gray on gray...sympathies and antipathies quickly replace each other, what was worshipped yesterday is burned today, and despite all oaths of eternal loyalty, the best friend is transformed into the deeply-loathed enemy overnight. Those with HLPD display "a number of endearing qualities, charming with an apparent emotional warmth, but also an enhanced suggestibility and a superficiality of affect", which can lead to unrealistic optimism.[9] and "wandering through life without ever taking firm root".[88] They are also noted as "absolutely indifferent to others...likes to live for [their] pleasure today, does not make plans not only for the future but even for tomorrow, studying and working are not for them".[23] Persons with HLPD typically lack any deep knowledge, and "look for easy life and pleasures".[89] They have been described as "conquerers with an appearance of emotional warmth".[24]  Persons with HLPD were noted as struggling with hypochondria in 1907.[90]  Kraepelin said they were "apt to take senseless journeys, perhaps even becoming vagabonds".[54][63] Kraepelin argued only lifelong wanderlust was tied to Haltlose, whereas Kahn argued that the Haltlose often lost their wanderlust as they aged and preferred to settle into mediocrity.[36] Some make their fortune, but the disappearance of less fortunate travelers is not mentioned by their families who considered them to have been burdensome.[78]  To early twentieth-century researchers, they appeared amiable, well-spoken, self-confident and to be making strong efforts to improve their weaknesses, thus making a misleading first impression and endearing themselves to superiors.[78] The lack of a sense of identity, or internal support, was thought to a lack of resistance to both external and internal impulses in 1927.[30] Their "gradual deterioration in the swamp of neediness and immorality" still does not make a lasting impression on the patients.[83] Thus Haltlose patients who recognize their shortcomings were thought to possibly be overwhelmed by a subconscious fear about participating in the world without restraints in a 1924 account.[37] Similarly, researchers in the early twentieth-century believed that the inauthenticity of their projected self and superficiality of knowledge means that when "someone who is really superior to [them]", after a period of stiffly asserting themselves hoping to avoid submission, will ultimately and without explanation fully embrace the position of the other.[78]  Pathological lying is closely linked to Haltlose personality disorder, with Arthur Kielholz noting "They lie like children...this activity always remains just a game which never satisfies them and leaves them with a guilty conscious because neither the super ego nor the Id get their due... Since they are offering such a daydream as a gift, they consider themselves entitled to extract some symbolic gift in return through fraud or theft".[60][year missing] Adler maintained "Memory is usually poor and untrustworthy... often they seem to have no realization of the truth",[53] while Homburger felt they held "no sense of objectivity, no need for truth or consistency".[78]  According to early accounts, choices are made, often in mirroring others around them, but "do not leave even a passing imprint on the person's identity".[91] Thus, they can "behave properly for a while under good leadership",[30] and are not to be trusted in leadership positions themselves.[27] Gannushkin noted they must be urged, scolded or encouraged "with a stick, as they say".[18] They demonstrate poor mood control and "react quickly to immediate circumstances" since "mood variation can be extreme and fluctuate wildly", which led to the denotation "unstable psychopath".[92]  They have been described as "cold-blooded",[52] but must be differentiated from dependent personality disorder, as the two can appear similar, due to the artifice of the Haltlose patient, despite having starkly opposing foundations.[93] Persons with Dependent Personality Disorder are defined by a tendency to embarrassment,[94] and submissiveness[95] which are not genuine facets of those with Haltlose even if they mimic such. Haltlose was thus deemed the "more troublesome" personality in 1955.[96]  People with haltlose personality disorder were found to struggle with alcoholism,[97][9] and identify with antisocial personality disorder.[9][98] Kraepelin, in noting "an increased risk of criminal behavior", estimated that 64% of men and 20% of women with Haltlose descended into alcoholism in the early twentieth century.[51] The high observed correlation between haltlose personality disorder and alcoholism led to clinical researchers at the time using "haltlose" as a grouping when separating subjects by disposition.[99][100][101]  Research in 1915 noted an increased propensity for lavish spending, and overconsumption of coffee, tea and medication.[83]  One 1954 study suggested female Haltlose patients may experience "manic excitement" during their menses.[102] According to 1949 research, they have a higher rate of homosexuality,[13] and 1939 evidence suggested that masturbation is more prevalent in Haltlose and Gemütlose (compassionless) psychopaths than in other disorders,[58] and Haltlose erethics leave them "usually very sexually excited" and seeking out "atypical, irregular and unusual" debauchery whether in brothels, adultery or destroying marriages.[83][54][63]  Whomever is abandoned in youth to the inexorable misery of existence, and at the same time is exposed to all manner of seductions, will find it very difficult to curb their constantly incited desires, and to instead force themselves through to the lofty vantage of moral self-assertion. It has been proposed that haltlose personality disorder may arise from "traumatization through maternal indolence" or institutionalization in early life, although without definite conclusion.[91] It may present in childhood simply as a hypomanic reaction to the loss of a parent or incest object.[77] They often display a fear of abandonment that appeared in childhood,[98] a common BPD symptom. Male haltlose personalities may come out of families with a pampering, over-protective and domineering mother with a weak father.[45] Homburger noted the "childhood and youth of the Haltlose are extraordinarily sad".[78] It is possible, but rare, for Haltlose personalities to develop within healthy family structures.[26]  Gerhardt Nissen referenced the possibility of intrauterine factors in the shaping of anti-social behaviors in Haltlose psychopaths, while noting the concept of psychopathy had been so weakened in modern psychopathology as to be indistinguishable from other conditions.[103] Others have suggested there is a strong heredity correlation, as the parents often also display Haltlose personality disorder, especially the mother.[55][61] Raising a Haltlose child can, in some cases, destroy the family structure by forcing relatives to take opposing positions, provoking disagreement and creating an atmosphere of bitterness and dejection.[78] They have been clinically described as disappointments to their families,[103] and are unable to feel actual love for their parents and are indifferent to the hardships of relatives – since all relationships are seen only as potential means towards acquiring pleasure.[26]  Care must be taken in making Haltlose diagnoses of children, since "the traits of instability of purpose, lack of forethought, suggestibility, egoism and superficiality of affect...are to some extent normal in childhood".[4] Children with Haltlose personality disorder demonstrate a marked milieu dependency,[104] which may be a cause rather than effect of the Haltlose.[60] It is of great importance that only children with Haltlose have peers and friends to surround themselves to try and learn associations and behaviors.[83] They often become sexually active at a young age but delayed sexual maturity, and as adults retain a psychophysical infantilism.[105][26] Regressive addictions amongst Haltlose psychopaths typically are infantile, and seek to replace the lost "dual union" arising from their parents' rejection, and later morph into a focus on subjects including vengeance or sado-masochism.[106]  The age at which parents or professionals exhibited concern about psychopathy ranged, rarely even at a preschool age.[78] Haltlose children confusingly tend to appear very strong-willed and ambitious, it is only as they age and the lack of perseverance becomes manifest that caretakers become puzzled by their "naughtiness" as it contradicts what had earlier appeared.[78] This arises principally due to their rigid demands for short-term wishes being mistakenly interpreted as having a fixed purpose and persistence.Some patients later shown to be Haltlose, had shown neuropathic traits in childhood such as bedwetting and stuttering.[26] They were also more likely to run away from their home, begin drinking before the socially acceptable age, and were afraid of punishment.[26] Although struggling to make friends in young childhood, they find it easier as they age.[107]  Kraepelin contended the disorder was "based on a biological predisposition" but also affected by factors such as childrearing practises, social position and state of the parental home.[51] His analysis showed that 49% of diagnosed Haltlose had obvious parental issues such as alcoholism or personality disorders.[51] A 1944 study of children produced by incest by Dr. Alfred Aschenbrenner found a high rate of Haltlose personality disorder, which he suggested might be explained as inherited from overly suggestive mothers.[61] It is possible, although difficult, to diagnose from the age of five[109] and presents one of the stronger psychiatric difficulties if present at such young age.[110] It may be possible to prevent social failure "through welfare measures" akin to early intervention.[110] Italian courts stressed mimicry of positive role models as a means to combat Haltlose youth who had fallen afoul of the law.[111]  Haltlose can cause educational difficulties,[67] and if parents do not understand the peculiarities of their Haltlose child, they may try to through good intentions to force the child into an educational regimen inappropriate for them, which then creates a feeling of isolation in the child which grows into a rebellious tendencies, "which turns out to be disastrous for further development".[30] Students with Haltlose personalities may prefer the arts over the sciences, since the former does not require a consistent sense of truth and entails less disciplined study.[25][87][26] Given their inability to anchor a self-schema and tendency to play-act roles, the theatre and film have great attraction and influence over them.[53]  With proper leadership and controls from teachers, they are able to become "model pupils" in terms of behavior,[13] although Schneider opined that it was worthless to educate an inability to learn from mistakes prevented actual education, and bemoaned that the late onset of anti-social behaviors kept the Haltlose in school when they might otherwise be removed.[37] Walter Moos believed that Haltlose personality disorder and hyperthymia had shown itself to be contagious in rare cases, wherein classmates developed the same disorder from interaction with patients.[112] Homburger argued for removing a Haltlose child from their family of origin as soon as the disorder was confirmed, to resettle in a rural educational centre.[78]  When required to live independently, they "soon lose interest, become distracted and absent-minded, and commit gross errors and negligence".[53] Ruth von der Leyen noted that "every care provider, teacher and doctor knows the Haltlose Psychopath from their practice", and remarked that caring for such a patient was made more difficult because of the need to lecture and intervene to enlist the psychopath's cooperation in short-term improvements, despite being aware the psychiatric reports have determined such efforts are ultimately useless but should be practised regardless.[113]  The tendency to accumulate debts while seeking pleasure or escaping responsibility is often the attributed cause for their descent into crime, although Kramer noted those who displayed "extreme dexterity, sufficient talent for imagination, and a tendency towards dishonesty" were able to find alternative sources of income without necessarily becoming criminal, although warned that "again and again, their debts have to be paid until the parents no longer can, or want to, do this and leave them to their selves".[30]  Gannushkin noted "Such people involuntarily evoke sympathy and a desire to help them, but the assistance rendered to them rarely lasts, so it is worth abandoning such people for a short while".[18] The wasted good intentions resulted in the summary "probably the most important function of the psychiatrist when dealing with these patients is to protect their relatives and friends from ruining themselves in hopeless attempts at reclamation. With most of these patients a time comes when the relatives will be best advised...to allow the patient to go to prison, or otherwise suffer unsheltered the consequences of his deeds."[4]  By contrast, others have advanced the "rather optimistic" belief that "a suitable [spouse]" or similar "strong-willed" relative could drastically improve the outcome of Haltlosen patients.[18][114] This was echoed by Andrey Yevgenyevich Lichko who, while preferring the term "accentuation of character" to describe the psychopathy rather than "personality disorder", noted "if they fall into the hands of a person with a strong will, for example a wife or husband, they can they live quite happily...but the guardianship must be permanent."[108]  [The Unstable Psychopath] will distinguish [them]self by the glibness and insincerity of [their] protestations...[they] blame [them]self not at all and only hope to be extracted from [their] difficulties to continue as before on much the same path. However superficial their affects, personalities of this type often show an apparent warmth...permit[ting] them to impose on their friends and relatives to an almost unbelievable extent. While some Haltlose have risen to the level of dangerous offenders multiple times over, it is more frequent that they attract attention early from their "vagabond" nature.[115]  Heinrich Schulte, a wartime medical judge and consulting psychiatrist for the military, continued advocating for the sterilization of Haltlose and other "Schwachsinnigen" after the war's end.[116] In 1979, the Neue Anthropologie publication referred to a need to sterilize those like alcoholics, "who are often Haltlose psychopaths", from bearing children, to reduce crime.[117]  Although Kraepelin believed those with Haltlose personality disorder represented the antithesis of morality,[118] there is not necessarily a tendency towards deliberate amorality among the demographic despite its frequent criminal violations since they may lack the ability to premeditate.[119] But their demonstrated lack of self-control is "especially manifested in the sphere of morality".[120]  In 1935, it was estimated that 58% of recidivist criminals were diagnosed with Haltlose personality disorder, higher than any other personality disorder.[44] Haltlose and Histrionic were the most common personality disorders found in female juvenile delinquents by forensic psychologists in Russia in the year 2000.[121]  [Patients resembling Haltlose] as a rule show little insight into the peculiarities of their conduct. They do not understand how they could have done these things, or they blame their relatives, neighbors and so forth Although they enter relationships easily, Andrey Yevgenyevich Lichko contends they are not capable of actual loyalty or selfless love, and sex is treated as a form of entertainment rather than intimacy.[26] They are therefore described as acting as "family tyrants".[83]  Although they may not qualify as true pedophiles, Haltlose personalities demonstrate an increased risk of sexually molesting children, since other potential victims would require the realization of greater planning, but children are suggestible and easily overwhelmed.[122][13]  A 1967 German study had suggested over 90% of adult-child incest offenders were diagnosed with Haltlose Personality Disorder.[79] Female patients may also live vicariously through encouraging and directing the sexual lives of their daughters.[83]  Some Haltlose personalities are drawn towards dangerous driving habits "as a source of almost hedonist pleasure".[26] In 1949 the Automobil Revue proposed that additional tests should be necessary for Haltlose personalities to obtain a driver's license.[123] They have been known to steal cars to joyride at high speeds if they are not otherwise able to find satisfy their urge.[26]  The American Journal of Psychiatry published a study of hit and run drivers in 1941, which showed 40% of drivers who fled the scene of a traffic accident tested positive for Haltlose personality disorder.[124] This was consistent with the earlier finding that Haltlose personalities were among the most likely to attempt to flee if caught in commission of any crime.[125]  Research in the early twentieth century on suicidality among the Haltlose indicated several things: they chafe at the notion of any religion as it introduces unwanted inhibitions, especially against parasuicidal demonstrations,[25][78] women Haltlose most frequently indicated suicidality was based upon fear of punishment or reproach, as well as the "excitement" of being institutionalized,[83] and although frequently planning or attempting suicide, including through suicide pacts or murder suicide, Haltlose typically do not succeed since they lacked courage and were easily distracted.[83][53]  Haltlose patients respond very well to institutionalization where their influences can be controlled, becoming "model inmates" of sanitariums even within hours of first arriving despite a chaotic life outside of the regimen, "but if you leave them, through good intentions, to their own devices – they don't last long before collapsing their current state and being seduced back onto the wrong track".[52][126] Schneider recommended warning them "through punishing them" as it was the only control on their action.[33] Bleuler said the court system needed to understand such persons were in "urgent need of inhibitions".[127]  Pyotr Gannushkin noted they joined military service due to peer pressure but given the lack of alcohol and stern, hard work required of them were able to function without their normal impairment.[18] A 1942 study of the Wehrmacht found that only Haltlose and Schizoid were not measurable among soldiers despite their presence in the civilian population.[128] A 1976 Soviet naval study came to similar conclusions.[129]  Roth and Slater concluded "the treatment of such a personality is almost hopeless under the present ordering of society. Any treatment would...present difficulties...beyond the powers of these patients. The prospects of psychotherapy are forlorn and the best that can be obtained will be reached through social control."[4]  Some researchers suggest their moods and insufficient motivation will lead them to "vague feelings of fear and calamity...turning every little thing into big things, excitement, misinterpreting every harmless word, criticizing everything and commiting hostile acts", and in some cases they look back with hindsight and regret the injustices they did.[125] However Kramer held that when caught in wrongdoing, "we find them contrite, self-accusing and assuring that they will improve – but on closer inspection it is feigned and not sincere".[30]  Upon being confronted with their misdeeds, the Haltlose respond "with more or less superficial reasons to excuse them, they claim that their parents treated them incorrectly, that they were the victim of adverse circumstances, seduced by other people and misled. Other Haltlose, especially those with a strong intellect, make up a theoretical schema that would justify their actions."[30]  Kielholz, Arthur, Internationale Zeitschrift für Psychoanalyse XIX 1933 Heft 4, "Weh'dem der lugt! Beitrag zum problem der pseudologia phantastica", an article on pathological lying in the Haltlose patients Max Specke, a Swiss charlatan with a penchant for melodramatic flair and Emil Schuldling, a habitual criminal with childhood sexual perversions Story of Robert Wenger, who was diagnosed Haltlose and spent 54 years between institutions and prison for minor crimes until the documentary series Quer exposed his case, leading to an apology from politician Samuel Bhend in 1999. Karl Hager, a habitual criminal diagnosed Haltlose who was frequently jailed for homosexual acts and was ultimately killed in Sachsenhausen concentration camp (in German) Biography of a man diagnosed Haltlose in 1936 (in German) Berlit, Berthold (December 1931). "Erblichkeitsuntersuchungen bei Psychopathen". Zeitschrift für die gesamte Neurologie und Psychiatrie. 134 (1): 382–498. doi:10.1007/BF02897001. Article referencing Hermann Lederman, discharged from the Wehrmacht in 1940 having been diagnosed with Haltlose personality disorder and sent to Wehrmachtgefängnis Torgau Article about Karl Sieger, a chronic drunkard diagnosed with Haltlose personality disorder in 1936 by Dr. Ferdinand Rechberg of Konstanz Thomas Leveritt's novel The Exchange-Rate Between Love and Money contains a character, Frito, who has Haltlose personality disorder"
Gorseinon RFC;"   Gorseinon RFC is a Welsh rugby union club representing the town of Gorseinon, Swansea, South Wales. Gorseinon RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Ospreys.[1]  Gorseinon RFC were formed in 1883 and they were successful in their application to the Welsh Rugby Union in 1895.  Up until World War I they played on the Welfare Ground then called Kings Holme sharing the field with both cricket and football teams. At the outbreak of the 1914-18 war the team was disbanded.  After the  World War the club reformed, but under a new name and with a new playing field. The club played under the name of St Catherine's Church in the lower part of Gorseinon, at the rear of Whittington Terrace. The ground was called Pencefnarda and the changing rooms were at the back of the 'Institute'.  Between 1918 and 1931 the ground was redeveloped by the owners of the local works Messrs. Lewis and sons. In 1931 the club started playing under the name of 'Grovesend Welfare'. Although reformed in 1931 under the works name it was not until 1936 that they were re-admitted into the Welsh Rugby Union. In the early 1950s an application was made to change the name back to Gorseinon and its original title.[2]  See also Category:Gorseinon RFC players    This Welsh rugby union team article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.  Len Blyth (3 caps)  Onllwyn Brace (9 caps)  Tom Day (13 caps)  Norman Gale ( 25 caps )  Lewis Jones (13 caps)  Leigh Halfpenny ( 62 caps )  Dan Biggar ( 39 caps )  Eli Walker ( 1 Caps )  Ross Moriarty ( 4 Caps )"
Gualchos;" Gualchos (or Gualchos-Castell de Ferro) is a town in the Spanish province of Granada. It has an area of 31 square kilometers and a population, in 2001, of 2,759, for a population density of 89 people per square kilometer. [1]  The environment of what the natives call Eagle Peak, has elements of remarkable value, which grow spontaneously and without any cropping the it, esparto, palm, several species of thyme and other medicinal plants such as  zahareña  (cattails), very good for healing wounds, according to popular belief, though the natives attributed other properties. You can also find numerous species of fauna: ibex, boar is, rabbits, hares, etc.    This article about a location in the province of Granada is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Besthmen;" Besthmen is a hamlet in the Dutch province of Overijssel. It is a part of the municipality of Ommen, and lies about 22 km east of Zwolle.[3]  It was first mentioned between 1381 and 1383 Bestmannyng. The etymology is unclear.[4] The postal authorities have placed it under Ommen.[5] In 1840, it was home to 135 people.[6] The Besthmenermolen is a former gristmill which was constructed in 1862. It was restored in 1995.[7]    This Overijssel location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
McDonnell Douglas F-4 Phantom II non-U.S. operators;"   F-4 Phantom II non-U.S. operators are the non-U.S. nations with air forces that operate or used to operate the McDonnell Douglas F-4 Phantom II. The Phantom II entered service with the U.S. military in 1960 and served until 1996. During this time it was the primary interceptor, air superiority fighter and fighter bomber with the U.S. Navy, Marines and Air Force.  The Phantom II was exported to 11 other nations, and continues to serve in a military role in some parts of the world.  In March 1963, McDonnell Douglas offered to provide the RAAF with a modified version of the F-4C, the model 98DX, fitted with SNECMA Atar 9 engines. This engine was already used in the RAAF's Mirage IIIOs, but the French turbojet was inferior to the General Electric J79, and the RAAF chose instead to order the F-111C Aardvark which had a greater range.[4]  Since the development of the F-111 was plagued with many setbacks, it was expected that the order for the RAAF would not be ready before 1974, leaving the Australian air force short of a suitable aircraft. The need to replace their Canberra B.20s was frustrated by the delay in the development of the F-111.  The solution was to loan F-4Es to the RAAF, under the Peace Reef program. On 22 June 1970, the contract was signed, and the first of 24 new F-4Es arrived the following September. They served with Nos. 1 and 6 Squadrons, both based at RAAF Base Amberley. The Australian aircrews praised the choice and the F-4Es were so well received that their popularity threatened the F-111C order at one point.  The first six aircraft were returned in October 1972, with another five returned in November 1972. The first six F-111Cs were delivered in June 1973, and the rest of the F-4Es were returned to the United States Air Force.[5]  In 1972 the United States offered to sell the leased aircraft to Australia. Earlier, the Americans had offered to sell 48 aircraft, including RF-4Es if the RAAF had cancelled the F-111C. On balance, the F-4 would need to be supported by eight Boeing KC-135 Stratotankers to achieve the endurance required in Australian service with in-flight refueling, making the whole package uneconomical compared to the F-111C with its greater range. Also, acquisition of the Phantom would have required disbanding at least one Mirage squadron in order to provide the necessary aircrew (No. 82 Wing's aircrew were to be converted to the F-111). The F-111C program was resumed in December 1971.[5]  One Phantom (69-7203) was lost in an accident during Australian service, off Evans Head, New South Wales during night bombing practice on 16 June 1971, while the others went on to follow a long career with the United States Air Force, with 21 examples later modified to F-4G Wild Weasel specifications and used by the 35th and 52nd TFWs.[4]  Royal Australian Air Force  The Al Quwwat al Jawwiya il Misriya (Egyptian Air Force or EAF) encountered Israeli F-4s during fighting between the two states, especially during the later stages of the War of Attrition and the 1973 Yom Kippur War. These encounters gave the EAF a measure of the type's effectiveness, especially as a bomber.  After the Camp David Accords, and the Egypt–Israel peace treaty signed on 26 March 1979, Egypt ended its military dependence on the Soviet Union. It also lost the financial support of the other Arab states, and Saudi Arabia cancelled its plans to send Egypt 50 F-5s. The U.S. State Department proposed trading Egypt new military hardware in exchange for military aircraft made in the USSR, including MiG-21s, and the newer MiG-23s delivered to them by the Soviets prior to their breakdown of relations in 1976.[6]  Under the September 1977 Peace Pharaoh agreement, 35 ex-31 TFW F-4Es along with a number of Sparrow, Sidewinder and Maverick missiles were supplied to the EAF for US$594 million and served with 76 and 78 Squadrons of the 222 Fighter Regiment.[7] Initially, Egyptian ground crews found their maintenance far more complex than required for Soviet aircraft and consequently there was an average of only nine F-4s serviceable during 1982, a 26% serviceability rate. To correct the situation, Egypt considered selling some of the F-4s to Turkey and buying extra General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcons. However, assistance from U.S. advisors in 1985 made it possible to reach a reasonable serviceability rate, and in 1988 another seven F-4s were delivered.[8] While further purchases of F-4s and upgrades were considered, these plans were rejected in favour of additional orders for F-16s.[8]  By the end of the 1990s, three aircraft had crashed but were replaced with three others.[9][10] As of 2018 the two squadrons of F-4s are retired and are in storage/reserve.[11]  Egyptian Air Force  The German Air Force (Luftwaffe) operated a total of 175 F-4Fs, 10 F-4Es (for training at U.S. airfields) and 88 RF-4Es making it the largest Phantom export customer.[12]  In 1971 the new West German Luftwaffe was only 16 years old, having been formed in 1955. In this short time, the air force had already passed through two generations of jet combat aircraft, having bought the North American F-86 Sabre and the Lockheed F-104 Starfighter.  By the early 1970s, the Luftwaffe had a formidable fighter strength, consisting of two interceptor, two reconnaissance and five bomber wings with F-104Gs, plus four light attack wings with Aeritalia G.91Rs.[13]  The first F-4 model to enter German service was the RF-4E. The Luftwaffe signed a contract with McDonnell Douglas for 88 RF-4Es in 1968, at the time the biggest order outside the USAF. The contract included industrial offsets for German industry, particularly production work for Messerschmitt-Bölkow-Blohm who manufactured and supplied F-4 components to McDonnell Douglas' Phantom production facility in St. Louis.[12]  On 16 January 1971 the first RF-4E, dubbed the "Spirit of St. Louis", flew from the U.S. to Spain and finally onto Germany. The next day, at Bremgarten, the aircraft was accepted by the Inspekteur der Luftwaffe ("Inspector of the Luftwaffe", Gunther Rall.[14]  In 1972, with eight Phantoms per month being delivered, Aufklärungsgeschwader 51 "Immelmann" equipped with the RF-4, followed by AG 52, based at Leck.  The German RF-4E was equipped similarly to the USAF RF-4Cs, using the latest F-4E airframe and more-powerful engines. The RF-4Es were employed as day/night reconnaissance aircraft, equipped with four cameras covering 180 degrees.[13] There were special flares for night use and two night/all-weather reconnaissance systems. One was the IRRS (Infrared Recognition System) and the other was the SLAR (Side-Looking Airborne Radar), mounted in the side of the fuselage. The aircraft had the capability to develop photos in flight and then drop them using special cartridges. Missions were generally flown at low level and high speed, using the installed APQ-99 radar for navigation. Deliveries were completed in May 1972 and the previously employed RF-104Gs were modified to serve in strike or fighter units.[13]  The Luftwaffe also intended to equip two fighter and two bomber Geschwader ("wings") with a simplified single-seat version of the F-4E Phantom which had already been proposed for the TFX USAF program. This was reconsidered due to the cost of that version and instead, under the Peace Rhine program, the Luftwaffe purchased the F-4F, which was based on the F-4E.  The F-4F had one of the seven fuselage fuel tanks omitted along with the capability to carry AIM-7 Sparrow missiles and bombs. It was equipped with air combat maneuvering leading edge slats and had a higher thrust to weight ratio, approaching 1:1 when fuel was low. The first example, serial number 3701, first flew on 18 March 1973. The first eight were sent to George AFB where crew training was carried out. In 1976, these trainers were replaced with 10 F-4Es, which stayed in the U.S. One of the "F"s, serial number 72-118, remained at Eglin AFB as an experimental project aircraft.[13] Units equipped with F-4F included Jagdgeschwader 71 "Richthofen", Wittmund, commencing in May 1974, and Jagdgeschwader 74 "Mölders", Neuburg an der Donau, September 1975. In April 1975, deliveries started to JaboG 36, Rheine-Hopsten and finally JaboG 35, Pferdsfeld. Operationally, the F-4Fs used by JG 71 and JG 74 were employed in the air-to-air role, while those used by JaboG 35 and 36 were used in air-to-air and air-to-ground roles.[13]  Weapons used on the F-4F included the Mk 82 retarded bomb, BL755 cluster bomb unit and AIM-9 Sidewinders.[13] Later on, an AGM-65 Maverick capability was added, with a pair of missiles housed in a single launcher.  Luftwaffe aircrew training was conducted by the USAF at Sheppard AFB. The program included 13 months flying the T-37 and T-38, for a total of 200 hours for pilots and 85 hours for navigators.  Training in Europe was limited to a minimum of 500 ft (150 m) altitude, with special ranges permitting flight as low as 200 ft (60 m). Advanced training was conducted in Canada at CFB Goose Bay and at Decimomannu in Sardinia.[13]  By 1990, Phantom losses were 21 F-4Fs and 15 RF-4Es.  Reconnaissance Phantom updates were carried out during several separate programs. Under the Peace Trout program, one RF-4E upgrade had an ELINT system installed in the nose, based on the APR-39 of the F-4G. Another RF-4E update was the installation of provision for bombs with up to six BL-755, or 5,000 lb (2,268 kg) of other external stores, and an ALE-40 chaff launcher along with a bombing system and newer cameras. In 1988, the aircraft were stood down from this dual role due to cost and this capability was removed.[15]  After the reduction of conventional forces in Europe, the Luftwaffe began phasing out the RF-4Es in 1993–94. The surplus aircraft were supplied to Allied NATO nations, with 32 sent to Turkey and 20 to Greece. AG 51 received Panavia Tornados as a replacement, while AG 52 was disbanded.[12]  A total of 12 F-4Fs were initially modified for dual controls and were later de-modified. In 1980–83, the F-4F fleet was fitted with air-refueling probes, utilizing USAF tankers to make longer flights to Canada and Spain. The AIM-9B and F were replaced with the "L" version Sidewinder.  The "ICE" (Improved Combat Efficiency) program commenced in 1983 to upgrade the F-4F's air-to-air capabilities. This involved the APG-65 radar and AIM-120 AMRAAM as the main elements, along with many minor upgrades. The original plan was to upgrade 75 F-4Fs, but the number was increased to 110 in the late 1980s. Initially, the ICE upgrades were intended only for the interceptor wings, but more were upgraded due to delays in the Eurofighter Typhoon program.[12]  Phase 1 of ICE commenced in 1989–90 and included upgrades such as the ALR-68 Radar warning receiver, the Honeywell H-423 laser gyro inertial navigation system, the GEC Avionics CPU-143/A digital central air data computer, and the Mil Std 1553R digital data bus.[12]  In July 1989, the first F-4F ICE Phase 2 aircraft was completed, and on 22 November 1991 the first firing of an AIM-120 AMRAAM took place. In 1992, the first batch of six upgraded aircraft was delivered to JG 71 (Fighter Wing 71), but the AIM-120 AMRAAM missiles were not available at that time.[16]  The F-4Fs were employed to fill operational gaps twice, the first time due to Panavia Tornado delays, while the F-4F ICE was needed due to the Eurofighter Typhoon delays. The units equipped with F-4F ICE were JG 71, JG 72, JG 74 and JG 73. This latter was a mixed unit, sent to Preschen airbase and had one staffel of F-4s and one with MiG-29s. This was a unique situation, until the phasing out of the Fulcrums.[17]  The F-4F ICE program offered a reasonably inexpensive and capable aircraft for the interceptor role, albeit with limitations. Apart from natural deficiencies of the air frame design itself, the greatest drawbacks of the F-4F ICE were the lack of an IFF and MIDS capability. In beyond-visual-range scenarios, it therefore had to rely on target-identification by AWACS aircraft with which it had to communicate in a conventional voice-based manner. This together with the low number of procured AIM-120Bs (only 96, because Germany has ordered the MBDA Meteor, which however will not be available until 2013) and the outdated APG-65 radar made it a rather defensive system.  In 1992–94 the EFA program was reviewed by German Defence Minister Volker Rühe and there was extensive debate about the Luftwaffe' s future. At the end of 1994, there were about 70 F-4F ICE aircraft already modified, 40 were still waiting for APG-65 radar, and 40 were not modified but still in service. The costs sustained in the upgrades had incurred a delay in AMRAAM acquisition. At that time, it was hoped that the AIM-120 could be received by 2005 and then there were only funds for 96 missiles with an option for 288 more. The program review considered ending F-4F conversions and buying new fighters as "gap fillers", such as the MiG-29, McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle or F-16. There was doubt that even a simplified version of the Typhoon could be acquired.[18] The review resulted in F-4F ICE being completed. The lack of AMRAAMs was a serious handicap and the MiG 29s were retained for longer than had been planned.  The ICE F-4Fs were expected to remain in service until JG 71 transitioned to the Eurofighter Typhoon in 2013.[19] JG 73 retired its last F-4F in 2002 and replaced it with Eurofighters in 2003, while the last F-4F left JG-74 in March 2008. The remaining F-4F wings were disbanded without replacement during the 1990s and early 2000s.  The German Air Force retired its last operational F-4F Phantom IIs on 29 June 2013.[20] The Phantoms' retirement was attended by a crowd of 130,000 people at an open day at Wittmundhafen Air Base.  German F-4F Phantoms flew 279,000 hours from entering service on 31 August 1973 to retirement on 29 June 2013.[21]  German Air Force  At the end of the 1960s, the Hellenic Air Force (PA - Polemikí Aeroporía) embarked upon a modernization program by ordering 40 Dassault Mirage F.1s and a total of 56 F-4Es along with six RF-4Es. The final batch of 40 F-4Es were cancelled when a PASOK government was elected in 1981.[22]  The first 18 Greek Phantoms entered in service in 1974, partially funded by U.S. military assistance under "Operation Icarus". However, they did not enter service in time to fight in the Turkish invasion of Cyprus in 1974. A second batch of F-4Es plus two extra aircraft were delivered in 1976, followed by a final batch in 1978–79.[22] The first units equipped were the 339th Squadron in 1974 in the air-to-air role and also as the operational training unit, and the 338th Squadron, in 1975 in the ground-attack role. The 337th "Ghost" Squadron was equipped in 1978, giving up their Northrop F-5As. The 348th "Eyes" Squadron relinquished their RF-84Fs for new RF-4Es in 1979. The old RF-84Fs were retained until 1990 for training purposes.[23]  The last batch of 40 Phantoms was not delivered due to the political situation in Greece, but with the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait and the US-led Operation Desert Storm liberation, the situation changed. The USAF phased out many older aircraft and some were supplied to the PA as a thank-you for the use of Greek airbases during the war. These included 10 ex-Indiana Air National Guard aircraft, later followed by another 18. By 1992, there were four squadrons equipped with 73 F-4Es and 5 RF-4Es: the 348th and 337th squadrons in Larissa with the 110th Combat Wing, and 338th and 339th squadrons at Andravida with the 117th Combat Wing.[24]  There were many differences between the batches supplied to the Hellenic Air Force. The 338th "Ares" Squadron had an air-to-surface role. Their F-4Es were equipped with digital processors for the APG-120, laser inertial navigation systems, digital data buses, smoke-reduction systems and various structural improvements.[24]  The 339th "Ajax" Squadron was employed in the air defense role with the older Phantoms, which had a Radar Warning Receiver mounted on the tail and air intakes, and the TISEO optical device.[24]  One of the first measures taken by the PA was to increase the number of reconnaissance RF-4Es in their fleet, to augment the existing six. They were able to do this in 1993 when the Luftwaffe phased out their RF-4Es, and 29 ex-Luftwaffe aircraft were added to the 348th Mira. This last batch brought the number of F-4s serving with the PA to 121.[25] Other programs saw the upgrade of several Greek Phantoms to carry out anti-radar operations.[26]  In 1993 the PA called for a major electronic upgrade for the F-4 fleet, involving the replacement of the APQ-120 with a new AMRAAM-capable system. Contenders to conduct the upgrade were DASA, Rockwell International, and IAI. IAI was ruled out because it was already involved with the Greek's historical adversary, Turkey, upgrading their own Phantoms at this time.[26]  DASA won the contract in August 1997, dubbed "Peace Icarus 2000". The Greek F-4s were upgraded to a similar standard as the Luftwaffe F-4F ICE, including APG-65 radar, a GEC-Marconi HUD and GPS/INS. The first flight of an upgraded aircraft was on 28 April 1999 at Manching airbase. In total 38 aircraft were upgraded, 37 of them by Hellenic Aerospace Industry, at Tanagra. Phantoms were also provided with Rafael LITENING pods, capable of navigation, targeting and use of guided weapons, such as the AGM-65 Maverick. With these improvements, the F-4 ICE and F-4G "Wild Weasel" will remain an effective fighter well into the 21st century.[22]  The RF-4E reconnaissance versions were retired on 5 May 2017 and 348 Squadron was deactivated.[27]  Hellenic Air Force  Approximately 225 F-4Ds, F-4Es and RF-4Es were delivered to Iran, mostly during the 1960s and 70s.[28]  The Nirouye Havai Shahanshahiye Iran (Imperial Iranian Air Force) enjoyed more attention from Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi than any other military branch. By 1967 the air force had F-4Ds on order, at that time the most advanced Phantom model available. The original order was for 16 aircraft, the first of which arrived on 8 September 1968,[29] with another 16 added later, and were employed in several unsuccessful attempts to intercept Soviet MiG-25Rs. These aircraft were also used for ground attack, and during one such mission, rebels in Oman shot one down.[29]  In 1970, the first reconnaissance RF-4Es were delivered. Iran, with few fiscal restraints, followed that up with an order for 177 F-4Es. The first of these arrived in March 1971. During a border clash in June 1975, these F-4s, armed with AGM-65 Maverick missiles defeated an Iraqi armored ground formation. The F-4Es changed the balance of power in the region, they were not only effective on the battlefield, but available in large numbers as well.[29]  After the fall of the Shah in the Iranian Revolution of 1979, the situation changed dramatically. In 1979 the U.S. placed an armament embargo on Iran, preventing it from getting many spare parts to keep the fleet flying. To make matters worse, the new theocratic government carried out purges of suspected Shah loyalists in the armed forces, especially in the renamed Islamic Republic of Iran Air Force (IRIAF). The purges greatly weakened the air force and left the 180 Phantoms still in service, largely without trained air and ground crews.[29]  The Iran–Iraq War began in September 1980 with Saddam Hussein's attack on Iran. Hussein had equipped his air force with new aircraft, such as the MiG-23 and believed that Iran was in a weakened and vulnerable state following the revolution and subsequent purges. The Iranian forces surprised him and fought back effectively. Iraq failed to destroy the Iranian air force bases for several reasons, among them that Iraqi aircraft lacked the range to reach them. Another reason was that Iranian air bases had been built for USAF deployment in case of war with the Soviet Union. This meant that the bases were very large, well-dispersed and stocked with ample spare parts. This made the targets difficult for the small Iraqi air force to destroy.[30]  The Iraqi air force performed a very deep strike of more than 837 km (520 mi) inside Iran, but this small formation was intercepted by two Iranian F-4s and one or two MiGs were lost. F-4s struck back the following day in Operation Kaman 99 and destroyed many strategic Iraqi targets with bombs and missiles. After these attacks against strategic targets, the F-4s struck tactical battlefield targets, destroying many Iraqi armored vehicles. The Iraqi invasion was stopped within several weeks.[citation needed]  Due to battlefield and accidental losses and the lack of spare parts, by the mid-1980s there were just 20–30 Iranian Phantoms still flying. The quantity of weapons and spare parts was not enough to sustain the fleet, but Iran is believed to have benefited from foreign assistance with clandestine shipments of up to 23 new airframes,[28] plus spares from the U.S. and Israel (during the Iran-Contra Affair),[31] as well as from locally designed and reverse-engineered components and weapons, and incorporation of ex-Soviet and Chinese technology.[1] The aircraft of an Iranian F-4 pilot who deserted on 31 August 1984 to Saudi Arabia was examined and found to have Israeli and European spare parts installed. Another deserting F-4 was less lucky, being intercepted and shot down by Saudi F-15 Eagles on 5 June 1984. F-4s took part in interdiction missions against oil tankers using AGM-65 Maverick missiles and even AIM-9 Sidewinder air-to-air missiles, while bombs were not used, probably due to shortages.[citation needed]  In the 21st century, the Iranian government still has between 50 and 75 F-4s in service. Among these, there are still some original F-4Ds updated with improved avionics, including limited look-down radar.[29] On 30 November 2014, Al Jazeera reported that an Iranian F-4 had conducted an airstrike in Iraq against Islamic State militants.  The United States confirmed the attack several days later, but Iran did not confirm or deny Iranian airstrikes had taken place, both denied they coordinated any sort of air attack against IS forces in Iraq.[32]  Imperial Iranian Air Force  Western Area Command:  Southern Area Command:  Israel first expressed interest in the F-4 in 1965,[33] but the U.S. was unwilling to provide them at that time. However, due to the embargo imposed by France after the Israeli preemptive strike during the 1967 Six-Day War, the U.S. government reconsidered and decided to offer the Israelis the aircraft.[34]  The first aircraft delivered were F-4Es, provided under the "Peace Echo" program, authorized on 7 January 1968, by president Lyndon Johnson, and supported by Senator Robert F. Kennedy.[34] About 220 F-4Es and RF-4Es were delivered to Israel between 1969 and 1976 under U.S. aid programs, and served with the Tsvah Haganah le Israel/Heyl Ha'Avir (Israeli Air Force). The F-4E was known as Kurnass (Heavy Hammer) in Israeli service while the RF-4E was called Orev (Raven).[34]  Formal acceptance of the first F-4Es came on 5 September 1969, with Golda Meir and Moshe Dayan present for the ceremony.[34] By 22 October, the new aircraft were in operation, attacking Egyptian targets. On 11 November 1969 an F-4E first shot down a MiG-21.[5] Shortly after on 9 December 1969, the first Israeli F-4 was downed by an Egyptian pilot, 1st Lts Ahmad Atef, flying a Mig-21 F-13.[35] Egyptian fighters had a hard time dealing with the F-4s, and their SA-2 Surface-to-air missiles (SAMs) were not effective at low altitudes. To address the problem, SA-3s were shipped to Egypt, along with up to 5,000 Soviet advisers. In a fierce aerial battle on 30 July 1970, four Phantoms baited the Egyptian MiGs which this time were Soviet-manned. Up to five MiGs were shot down when eight Israeli Mirages, flying at low level, jumped them, achieving complete surprise.[36] Late June and early July 1970 was a difficult time for the new F-4s, with two shot down by SAMs on 30 June, another on 5 July and two on 18 July.[34][37]  A total of 24 Phantoms were delivered under Peace Echo II and III. Operation Night Light involved the loan of two RF-4Cs to the IDF while they were waiting for their order for six RF-4Es to be delivered. Operation Peace Patch involved another batch of 12 Phantoms, delivered in 1971.[34]  Israeli F-4Es scored 116.5 aerial victories against Arab aircraft, including two Su-7s shot down on 9 September 1972 and a Libyan Boeing 727 in January 1973.[34]  Peace Echo IV brought another 52 F-4s to the IDF, 24 of which were ex-USAF. These were delivered between April 1972 and October 1973, when the Yom Kippur War broke out. At that time there were 122 F-4E and 6 RF-4Es in service with the IDF.[34][37]  Israeli Phantoms scored 11 air victories during this period although several were lost, mainly to SAMs,[34] but above all they inflicted heavy damage on Egyptian land forces during the War of Attrition.  The Yom Kippur War started with Egyptian and Syrian air strikes on Israel. During this opening phase a pair of Phantoms managed to shoot down seven Egyptian aircraft, and others shot down five Mil Mi-8s carrying assault troops over the Sinai desert.[34]  On the second day of the war, the IDF launched attacks with F-4s and A-4 Skyhawks but the enemy air defence and MiGs shot down six Phantoms and 30 A-4s. The new SA-6 Gainful surface-to-air missile (SAM) system and the radar-guided ZSU-23-4 Shilka self-propelled anti-aircraft guns (SPAAGs) were much more effective than the old SA-2 Guideline. The SA-6 uses semi-active radar homing and was paired with the 1S91 "Straight Flush" fire control and guidance radar, which operates in the G, H, I and J bands, making it very difficult to jam with the AN/ALQ-87 ECM pods that were supplied by the Americans prior to the conflict. Likewise, the AN/ALR-36 radar warning receivers that Israeli Phantoms were equipped with at the time proved unable to provide any warning to aircrews that their aircraft were being tracked by SA-6 battery crews using the Straight Flush radar.[34]  Some aerial maneuvers were believed to fool the SA-6 systems and these were used while the IDF waited for better ECM weapons. Some of the maneuvers were quite effective, but the SA-6 threat was only reduced on 9 October 1973 when A-4s surprised many SA-6 batteries without their missiles ready to fire and destroyed them. That same day another F-4 strike hit the Damascus HQ of the Syrian Army.[34]  By the middle of October, 37 Phantoms had been lost in combat and another six were damaged beyond repair. U.S. President Richard Nixon authorized the delivery of 36 ex-USAF F-4s under Operation Nickel Grass, from the USAF 4th and 401st Tactical Fighter Wings. These aircraft were flown directly to Israel, some by U.S. pilots. At least one F-4E flew in combat still bearing a U.S. tail code, while others stayed painted in USAF camouflage patterns.[38][39] During the war Israeli Phantoms first used the new AGM-65 Maverick missile.  Israel employed three F-4E(S), which were equipped with a special high-altitude camera system (HIAC) for reconnaissance missions.[40] These RF-4Es were special high-performance Phantoms, with the same cameras planned for the Mach 3.2 RF-4X that was cancelled in 1975. The camera performed well but mounting it in an external pod caused too much drag, so it was installed in the nose of three normal F-4Es instead.[34][41]  During the Yom Kippur War it was reported that one Israeli F-4 Squadron was put on alert for a nuclear strike, but not confirmed.[34] After several weeks of combat, losses included four F-4s delivered under the Nickel Grass program.[citation needed]  After the war Peace Echo V provided Israel with 24 new, 24 ex-USAF and 6 RF-4Es, completing the program in November 1976.  Given that almost all the Israeli F-4s had suffered battle damage, an update to increase their capabilities and standardize the various production blocks was commenced in 1974. The IDF Phantoms received Elbit Jason digital bombing computers, Litton LW-33 inertial navigation systems, new radar warning receivers, TISEO and combat slats.[42]  IDF Phantoms took part in many other battles, among them Operation Mole Cricket 19 in June 1982, when Syrian SA-6 sites were destroyed by a coordinated attack made by IDF aircraft and unmanned aerial vehicles. By that time, new F-15 Eagles and F-16s were replacing the Phantom in front line service, so the F-4s scored only one aerial victory in that action.[43]  Among the weapons carried on IDF F-4s were the Gabriel, AGM-45, AGM-68,[44] Shafir and Python missiles.[45]  The planned program to replace the original J79 engines with the Pratt & Whitney PW1120 was cancelled, but the fleet was updated to Kurnass 2000 standards. This upgrade included installation of a wide-angle Kaiser HUD, a digital mission computer and some structural improvements. The main updates involved the APG-76 radar, Elbit ACE-3 mission computer, HOTAS, the addition of winglets for increased agility, ASX-1 TISEO and the ability to deploy Popeye missiles. The upgraded aircraft first flew on 15 July 1987 and was formally accepted on 11 August 1987.[5] The Kurnass program was also used to upgrade Turkish Air Force Phantoms at the same time, realizing some economies of scale.[41]  Israeli Phantoms have suffered at least 55 combat losses but accounted for 116.5 claimed air victories.[34][46]  By the end of the 20th Century there were still 112 F-4s serving with the IDF, in three Squadrons: the 119, 142 and 201.[34]  Israeli Air Force  Japan selected the F-4 Phantom II as its new fighter at the end of the 1960s. On 1 November 1968, this choice was made public and Japan became one of the few countries that license-produced this aircraft. The Nihon Koku Jietai (Japan Air Self-Defense Force, JASDF) received a total of 154 F-4EJ and RF-4Es. While the F-4EJs were built almost entirely by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, the RF-4Es were bought directly from McDonnell-Douglas.[47]  Due to Japanese military limitations prohibiting air-to-ground ordnance, the F-4EJs were delivered without the AN/AJB-7 bombing computer system and also did not have an air-refueling probe or receptacle. In service F-4EJs replaced the JASDF's fleet of Lockheed F-104J Starfighters.[48]  McDonnell Douglas built the two prototype F-4EJs (17-8301 and 17-8302), which first flew on 14 January 1971. These prototypes were delivered to Gifu Air Base in March 1971.[49] The next 11 aircraft were assembled in Japan and the first Japanese-built example flew on 12 May 1972. Mitsubishi built all the EJs over the next nine years and the production ended with 127th F-4EJ (17-8440), on 20 May 1981. This was the last F-4 built in the world.[47]  Fourteen RF-4Es were delivered between November 1974 and June 1975. These were similar to the RF-4C, but, as for the F-4EJs, Japanese-built radar warning receivers and other equipment were substituted to replace equipment which was not released for export to Japan.[47]  The F-4EJ entered service with the JASDF in August 1972 with a total of six Hikōtai ("Squadrons") operating the aircraft: the 301, 302, 303, 304, 305 and 306th. The RF-4E equipped the 501st, that had previously operated one of the less-well-known Sabre models, the RF-86F.[50]  Japanese procurement involved small, multi-year orders, which made for slow production of small batches ordered every year. As of 2007, Japan has a fleet of 90 F-4s currently in service. Talks were underway to replace them with Eurofighter Typhoon aircraft,[51] since the sale of the American F-22 Raptor was blocked by U.S. export restrictions. In June 2007, Lockheed Martin announced that the company has been awarded a contract to equip several F-15 Eagles with synthetic aperture radar pods. These F-15s will be used in a reconnaissance role, allowing the RF-4E and RF-4EJ to be retired, the F-4 having served from the 1970s into the 21st century.[52]  On 9 March 2020, the RF-4 was retired after 45 years in JASDF service. A four-ship flight of RF-4Es and RF-4EJs from 501st Hikōtai performed a ceremonial flypast, which included aircraft serial 47-6901, the first RF-4E built for Japan and the first to be handed over. This left 301st Hikōtai flying F-4EJ Kai models as the last remaining squadron equipped with Phantoms in Japan.[53]  301st Hikōtai continued to operate the F-4EJ until 14 December 2020 when the Phantom was withdrawn from front-line service, remaining in use with the Air Development and Test Wing at Gifu.[54] The final JASDF Phantoms were retired on 17 March 2021.[55]  To upgrade the Phantom fleet the JASDF planned the F-4EJ Kai (Japanese for "modified") program. This involved 110 aircraft, later reduced to 96, which were upgraded with APG-66 radar, ground attack capabilities and most importantly, ASM-1 or ASM-2 anti-ship missiles (two mounted under the wings). This boosted their capabilities in the anti-shipping role, filling in for the indigenous Mitsubishi F-1s which were too few in number and lacked range, and the P-3Cs which were too slow, even if well-armed with Harpoon missiles. The F-4EJ Kai upgrade added several other air-to-surface weapons to the F-4, including bombs and rockets.  Fifteen F-4EJs were also converted to RF-4EJ configuration, which, while mounting no internal cameras, carried podded reconnaissance equipment. Among the systems installed were TACER (electronic reconnaissance pod with datalink), TAC (pod with KS-135A and KS-95B cameras), D-500UR IR detection system, and the LOROP pod (with a KS-146B camera).[50][56]  The F-4EJ Kai first flew on 17 July 1984, and first entered service on 24 November 1989 to the JASDF 306th Squadron. It was fitted the smaller and more lightweight AN/APG-66J pulse Doppler radar and a heads-up display resulting in a lookdown/shootdown capability. The central computer was updated, as well as the J/APR-6 homing and warning system, IFF system and the inertial navigation unit.[57]  The first F-4EJ Kai aircraft were delivered to the 306th Hikōtai at Komatsu, but within a few years they were replaced by F-15Js. In April 1994, the F-4EJ strength was reduced to three squadrons: 8 (Misawa), 301 (Nyutabaru) and 302 (Naha, Okinawa). The 501st at that time operated the RF-4E. Over time the F-4s and F-1s are being replaced with the new Mitsubishi F-2, an enlarged development of the F-16 developed jointly with Lockheed Martin.  Japan Air Self-Defense Force  Republic of Korea Air Force, ROKAF was supplied with F-4s in the late 1960s, due to ongoing tension with North Korea.  Seoul ordered 18 ex-USAF F-4Ds, which were quickly delivered under the Peace Spectator program. They served with the 110th TFS, 11th Fighter Wing based at Daegu. In 1972 another 18 were delivered from the USAF 3rd TFW (Tactical Fighter Wing), in exchange for which South Korea delivered 36 Northrop F-5As to South Vietnam. Several more F-4s were delivered in the following years, with the last batch delivered in 1987–88. These were equipped with Pave Tack laser designators, an important feature that allowed the use of laser-guided bombs.[59]  A total of 92 F-4Ds were delivered, making this air force the main export customer for the "D" model. The F-4Ds were joined by 37 new-build F-4Es, ordered in the 1970s. The last of these was the 5,068th F-4 built in St. Louis. Under Operation Peace Pheasant these were delivered to the RoKaF 152 and 153 TFS (Tactical Fighter Squadron), 17th TFW at Chongju. This was only the beginning of South Korean F-4 acquisitions, as more ex-USAF F-4Es were delivered in the next few years, giving a total of 103 F-4Es.[60]  The South Koreans also received RF-4Cs. There were 12 ex-USAF 460 TRG (Tactical Reconnaissance Group, disbanded in 1990) that were sent to the South Korean 131st TRS (Tactical Reconnaissance Squadron), 39 TRG, at Suwon Air Base, along with another 11 sent later.[60] ALQ-131 electronic countermeasures pods were also delivered.[61]  Overall, South Korea was one of the main customers of the F-4, with 216 delivered, including 60 "D" models, 55 "E" models and 18 RF-4Cs in service in 2000.[60][62]  The South Korean Air Force has been quite satisfied with the F-4 and has carried out upgrades to extend their lifespan. A proposal made by DASA was evaluated that would have included installation of the APG-66 radar and AMRAAM missiles. This was equivalent to the Japanese F-4EJ KAI or German F-4 ICE, but the costs were too high for South Korea. The Air Force had already been forced to cancel an order for F-18s, which had been the winner of their new fighter competition and instead bought F-16 Fighting Falcons.  Despite the financial constraints, several minor upgrades were made to allow South Korean F-4s to continue in their role against North Korea. Some F-4s were upgraded with the AN/AVQ-26 Pave Tack laser targeting pod. 30 F-4Es were equipped with the AGM-142 "Popeye" stand-off air-to-surface missile, a modern Israeli weapon also purchased by the USAF,[59] Royal Australian Air Force and the Turkish Air Force.  Republic of Korea Air Force  Through the Mutual Defense Aid Program (MDAP), Spain acquired 36 ex-USAF F-4Cs for the Ejército del Aire (Spanish Air Force). These were the only "C" models ever exported, even as second-hand examples.[63][64]  Deliveries occurred between October 1971 and September 1972 under Peace Alfa. At the time of delivery these F-4Cs were already obsolete, but they replaced even older aircraft, F-104Gs and F-86Fs.[63][65]  In Spanish Air Force use, the F-4Cs were designated "C.12" (C stood for "Caza" and 12 stood for "12th fighter type in service since the creation of the Ejército del Aire"). The F-4Cs were assigned to Escuadrones 121 and 122, Ala 12 (Wing). To support them a fleet of three KC-97Ls was acquired in 1972, equipping Escuadrón 123, being replaced by KC-130Hs (which equipped Escuadrón 301) from January 1976.  While the KC-97s were fitted with a flying boom refuelling system, the Hercules that replaced them were fitted with the probe and drogue system and so could not refuel the F-4s.[63][66]  Further F-4 deliveries took place in October 1978, with the addition of four F-4Cs and four RF-4Cs. The RF-4Cs were given the Spanish designation CR.12.[67]  During their service, seven F-4C were lost to accidents before being replaced by EF-18s in April 1989.  The RF-4Cs continued to serve in the reconnaissance role along with another eight ex-USAF RF-4C delivered in 1989 in the 123 Squadron, that operated from Torrejón airbase.[68]  This batch of RF-4Cs was updated to the highest USAF standard prior to delivery and had a completely revised avionic suite, including new radios, RWR, VOR and ILS navigation equipment and KS-86 cameras. These aircraft also had J79-GE-15E "smokeless" engines.[69]  In 1995 the older F-4s were retired and six more RF-4Cs were obtained. The new RF-4Cs had newer avionics, including Have Quick digital UHF/VHF radios, Itek AN/ARL-46 RWR, and Tracor AN/ALE-40 dispensers. The upgrades included provisions for up to four AIM-9L Sidewinder missiles, for self-defence and to provide a secondary capability as an interceptor. The existing fleet underwent a standardization program which among other changes included replacing the APQ-99 terrain-following radar by a Texas Instruments AN/APQ-172 radar, laser-ring gyro inertial navigation system and an Israeli Aircraft Industries in-flight refueling probe, while the original USAF-style refuelling receptacle was retained.[68]  These improvements allowed the Spanish RF-4C fleet to serve into the 21st century, finally being retired in 2002.[70][71][72]  One of the most prominent Phantom users is the Turkish Air Force ("Türk Hava Kuvvetleri" or THK), which operates about 233 F-4s.  Under the Peace Diamond I program 40 F-4Es were ordered, with deliveries starting in June 1974, although completion of the order was delayed by an arms embargo following the Turkish invasion of Cyprus.[73] These aircraft equipped 161 Filo (Squadron) at 6 Ana Jet Us (Jet-aircraft air Base, also called JAB). After re-equipping with F-16Cs these Phantoms were sent to 7 JAB for 171 and 172 Filo. Filo 173 at the same base was the Operational Conversion Unit.[74]  Peace Diamond III was an additional phase of the plan to reinforce the THK, always striving to keep a balance with the Greek Hellenic Air Force, because even though both are NATO countries, Greece and Turkey are historical enemies and there have been air clashes over the Aegean Sea between them. Filo 111, 112, 113, all based on JAB 1, Eskişehir, were the new Phantom units. The 111th and 112th Filo received 32 F-4Es replacing their aging F-100s. The 113 Filo replaced their even older RF-84Fs with eight RF-4Es.[citation needed]  With this last batch of F-4s and plans to acquire F-16 Fighting Falcons, the THK was quickly being modernized. Before these aircraft arrived the THK had operated fighters such as the F-104 Starfighter, F-100 Super Sabre, F-84 Thunderflash and the F-86 Sabre, plus the economical F-5 Freedom Fighter. With 80 Phantoms on order, the strength of the THK was increased to new levels. Other fighters, seen as supplemental to the F-4E, were purchased as well. These included 40 Aeritalia F-104Ss, the improved Starfighter, with the same missiles and engines as used on the Phantoms. These equipped Filo 142 and 172. Compared to the F-4s they were considerably less expensive and were used as interceptors. The Turkish F-4 fleet was enhanced with 15 secondhand US aircraft delivered in 1981 to Filo 173 and finally, another 15 delivered in 1984 to replace fleet losses.[citation needed]  Peace Diamond IV was another program to reinforce the THK and was carried out between June and October 1987. Under this program 40 F-4Es were delivered to 131 and 132 Filo, 3 JAB, Konya. Before that, this wing was only a training unit equipped with the last Turkish F-100s. After the conversion it became an operational formation.[74]  Turkey assisted in Desert Storm without entering the fighting directly, by opening their airbases to the Coalition air forces and hosted Belgian Mirages, German Alpha Jets and Italian F-104Gs. As a reward for their help another 40 former US Air Force Phantoms were delivered to 112 and 172 Filo, beginning on 25 March 1991. At that time, the USAF was phasing-out large quantities of older aircraft, reducing their strength by over 1,000 F-4C/D/Es. But even if old, these aircraft were desirable to countries like Turkey who already had F-4 fleets.[citation needed]  The U.S. did not have enough RF-4s to sell to meet international demands, so when the German Air Force phased out their remaining 88 RF-4Es during 1992–93, 32 were delivered to the THK in 1992–94. All of these went to 113 Filo, Eskişehir. Later, when 173 Filo passed their F-4Es to 172 Filo, they equipped with RF-4Es. By the end of that reorganization, Filo 171 became a ground attack unit, 172 interception and 173 reconnaissance. That delivery completed the THK F-4 fleet.[74]  Many of the Turkish Phantoms are used as ground attack aircraft, a role they performed well due to the systems installed. The first Phantoms delivered to the THK had Southeast Asia camouflage colors and TISEO equipment, consisting of a wing-mounted television camera with zoom capacity for spotting targets outside of normal visual range. The F-4s acquired from US Air Force stocks were former 110th and 141st Tactical Fighter Squadron aircraft (Missouri and New Jersey Air National Guard squadrons, respectively) and arrived painted in "Egyptian One" camouflage, an air-superiority paint scheme consisting of two different shades of blue, despite being best-suited for ground attack. The last batch delivered had AVQ-23A Pave Spike laser designation pod compatibility.[75]  In September 2010, U.S. Army spokeswoman Lt. Col. Tamara Parker confirmed a combined Chinese-Turkish exercise that ran from 20 September through 4 October at the Konya air base in Turkey's central Anatolia region. According to Reuters, a portion of the exercise included mock aerial combat between Turkish F-4s and Russian-built Su-27s of the Chinese military. It was reported that the Turks defeated the Chinese aircraft in air combat exercises.[76]  On 22 June 2012, the Turkish government announced that Syrian forces had shot down a Turkish RF-4E from 113 Filo with two crew members over the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Hatay Province, which borders the Syrian Latakia Governorate.  The aircraft is reported to have been conducting a reconnaissance flight off the Syrian coast.[77] The Turkish release suggested that the Turkish government did not immediately view the Syrian action as provocative, and it acknowledged that Syrian assets were assisting efforts to find the aircraft and crew.  The Syrian Armed Forces made a statement carried by the official Syrian Arab News Agency crediting its antiaircraft gunners with downing an unidentified aircraft flying at "very low altitude and at high speed" over Syria's territorial waters toward land less than a mile offshore, causing it to crash into the sea west of the village of Om al-Tuyour.[78] Syrian Foreign Ministry spokesman Jihad Makdissi said "the downing was an accident, caused by the "automatic response" of an officer commanding an anti-aircraft gun. The man saw a jet coming at him at high speed and low altitude and opened fire, Makdissi said."[79] The statement went on to claim that the aircraft was found to be a "Turkish military plane that entered Syrian airspace and was dealt with according to laws observed in such cases".  The downing occurred at a time of heightened tensions between the two countries due to Turkish support for Syrian rebels opposed to the Bashar al-Assad regime in Damascus.[80] On 24 June, wreckage of the F-4 was located in Syrian waters, but the crew had not been found.[81] On 24 February 2015, two RF-4Es crashed in the Malatya region in southeast Turkey, under unknown circumstances, killing all four crew members.[82][83][84] On 5 March 2015, an F-4E-2020 crashed in central Anatolia killing both crew.[85][86] Calls to scrap the F-4s and replace them with the fifth generation F-35s were renewed.[87]  Turkey considered more sophisticated supersonic fighters like the F-15 Eagle or Panavia Tornado to be too expensive, instead, the THK decided to upgrade its Phantom fleet with improvements to avionics and structure, but not to the engines. In August 1995, after a hotly contested competition with DASA (F-4 ICE), IAI was awarded a USD600M contract to upgrade 54 F-4Es to Phantom 2000s. The first 26 aircraft were rebuilt in Israel, and the other 28 in Turkey.[74]  Small strakes above the air intakes to improve agility, new attachment fittings, engine mountings, stronger wing fold ribs, updated canopy sill bar, 12 mi (20 km) of wiring replaced (reducing weight by 1,653 lb/750 kg) as well as most hydraulic and pneumatic lines and hoses, and fuel tank reinforcements.[88]  New multifunction display in the front cockpit plus two in the rear, new Kaiser El-OP 976 wide-angle HUD and HOTAS system, high-performance Elta EL/M-2032 ISAR-capable high-resolution SAR/GMTI (ground moving target indicator) multi-mode fire-control radar (developed for the IAI Lavi), IAIC mission computer, new navigation equipment including GPS/INS connected to mapping mode, dual MIL-STD-553B databus managing avionics package, Astronautics Central Air Data Computer, new UHF and IFF packages, airborne video tape recorder (AVTR), Elta EL/L-8222 active ECM pod and Mikes (Aselsan) AN/ALQ-178V3 passive embedded SPEWS, and RWR.[67][88]  Additionally, they had AGM-142 Popeye/Have Nap integration, Litening-II targeting pods, and the capability to launch AGM-65D/G Maverick, AGM-88 HARM, GBU-8 HOBOS, GBU-10/12 Paveway II LGBs, general purpose and cluster bombs for air-to-ground missions, while retaining the capability to launch AIM-7 Sparrow and AIM-9 Sidewinder air-to-air missiles. It is also possible to install Pave Spike targeting pods and rocket pods of all sizes.[67][88]  These upgraded F-4 Phantoms are referred to as the F-4E-2020 Terminator and current planning is that they will remain in service until 2020, as the name suggests. The first entered service on 27 January 2000 with deliveries to 111 and 171 Filo.[74]  Turkish Air Force  At the end of the 20th century, the following THK units operated Phantoms:[74]  Following cancellation of the supersonic V/STOL Hawker Siddeley P.1154, the Royal Navy selected the Phantom as a replacement for the Supermarine Scimitar and de Havilland Sea Vixen. The model requested was designated the F-4K by McDonnell Douglas and received the British service designation Phantom FG.1. Ordered in July 1964,[89] this was the first time the U.S. permitted export of the Phantom, with the first F-4K flying on 27 June 1966.[89]  To ease the impact on employment in the UK aircraft industry from the cancellation of home-grown programs, the aircraft had a high British content.[5] The main modification was the replacement of the General Electric J79 by the British-made Rolls-Royce Spey powerplant.[90] These engines (RB 168-25R Spey Mk 202/203s) were more powerful than the J79s (20,515 lbf (91.26 kN) afterburning thrust) and had a lower fuel consumption (power-specific fuel consumption was around 0.7 lb/(hp⋅h) (0.43 kg/kWh)). The rear fuselage was heavily modified to accommodate the larger Speys and the air intakes enlarged to permit the greater airflow they required.  These aircraft were equipped with an AN/AWG-11 radar system, which was a version of the Westinghouse AN/AWG-10 built under licence by Ferranti,[91][92] equipped with a Doppler unit to allow some basic look-down capabilities. The bombing system was the anglicized version of the Lear/Siegler AN/ABJ-7. Fleet Air Arm Phantoms were fitted with a double-telescoping front landing gear strut that could extend 40 in (100 cm), the increased angle of attack being necessary for catapult launches from the smaller British carriers. Other British contractors, including Short Brothers and British Aircraft Corporation, built sub-assemblies and supplied parts to the United States where the aircraft were assembled by McDonnell Douglas at Saint Louis.[5]  A Spey-powered Phantom was not a new concept: McDonnell Douglas had considered the idea to meet the USAF TFX requirement, later satisfied by the General Dynamics F-111.[5] The Spey gave an increase of 10% in operational range, 15% increase in ferry range and better low-level acceleration,[5] however the increased drag of the engine installation resulted in poorer performance at high altitude. Although some of the design changes were unique to the British aircraft – folding radar radome, Spey engine, nose-wheel extension and strengthened arrester hook – the other structural changes and improvements were used in the design of the F-4J.[5] After modifications in the 1970s, the tail had a new RWR system, a British-made Marconi ARI.18228 fitted in a rectangular antenna box on the fin tip.[90]  Initially, a total of 140 FG.1s were to be ordered for the Fleet Air Arm, the intention was to operate the Phantom from both of the Royal Navy's remaining large fleet carriers, Eagle and Ark Royal, and the brand new CVA-01 carriers. However, the 1966 Defence White Paper saw the cancellation of the CVA-01 project, with the Royal Navy's Phantom order cut to 48. This was intended to provide for two squadrons each of 12 aircraft to be operated from Eagle and Ark Royal, both of which were to be heavily modified. While Ark Royal was undergoing conversion, the FG.1 underwent successful deck trials aboard Eagle.[93] In 1969, however, the decision was taken that Eagle would not undergo conversion, leaving Ark Royal as the only Royal Navy carrier capable of operating the Phantom. As a consequence, 20 of the Fleet Air Arm's FG.1s were diverted to the Royal Air Force to equip No. 43 Squadron at RAF Leuchars in the air-defence role.[94] These aircraft were modified to enable them to carry the SUU-23/A gun pods.[91] The units equipped were 700P Naval Air Squadron trials unit, 767 Naval Air Squadron training unit, and a single operational squadron, 892 Naval Air Squadron, all home based at Yeovilton. 892 NAS commissioned with the Phantom in 1969, and embarked in Ark Royal for the first time in 1970, making the Fleet Air Arm the only naval air arm outside the United States to operate the Phantom from the deck of an aircraft carrier.  Service with the Fleet Air Arm was brief, with 892 NAS operating from Ark Royal from 12 June 1970 to 27 November 1978.[90] After that, the remaining FG.1s were transferred to the RAF to form No. 111 Squadron, a second air-defence squadron. The two RAF squadrons converted to the Tornado F.3 in 1989 when the FG.1s were withdrawn from service.[95]  With the cancellation of home-grown programmes and the need to replace the Hawker Hunter and English Electric Canberra in the ground-attack and tactical reconnaissance roles, the RAF ordered 118 aircraft in 1965. The aircraft were designated Phantom FGR.2 ("Fighter/Ground attack/Reconnaissance") by the British and the prototype first flew on 17 February 1967. Like the Phantom FG.1 it was equipped with Spey engines and was externally identical, although it did not have the extendable nose-wheel. It was fitted with an AN/AWG-12 radar and fire-control system, similar to the AN/AWG-11 but without the ability to fold the radome and antenna back to enable the aircraft to fit the lifts on an aircraft carrier, and Martin-Baker Mk.H5 ejection seats. The aircraft entered service from 1969 onwards with Nos. 2, 6, 14, 17, 31, 41 and 54 Squadrons in the close air support, tactical strike and tactical reconnaissance roles. However, when the SEPECAT Jaguar entered service from 1974 onwards, the Phantom FGR.2s were redeployed in the air defence role, replacing English Electric Lightnings with Nos. 19, 23, 29, 56 and 92 Squadrons.[96]  Some FGR.2s were equipped with dual controls, and others could carry a reconnaissance pod that was equipped with a Texas Instruments RS-700 infrared linescan unit, high-definition sideways-looking radar and five optical cameras. Although not deployed in a war role RAF Phantoms were involved in air-defence duties on Quick Reaction Alert. This involved endless alarms to intercept "Bear" and other Soviet aircraft approaching British airspace, the North Sea and over Germany. The fitting of RWRs and structural reinforcements were carried out to the aircraft in the 1970s.  In 1982, an AIM-9-armed Phantom FGR.2 returning from a Quick Reaction Alert over Germany accidentally shot down a Royal Air Force Jaguar GR.1.[97]  In the strike role the FGR.2s could carry the SNEB rocket pod, 1,000 lb (450 kg) bomb, the BL755 Cluster Bomb Unit, and U.S.-supplied B28, B43, B57 or B61 nuclear weapons. It could also be fitted with SUU-16/A and SUU-23/A gun pods. From 1975 the aircraft were modified with structural reinforcements and tail-mounted radar warning receivers. When the aircraft took over the air-defence duties in the 1970s they carried either AIM-9G Sidewinders or AIM-7 Sparrows, and later they would carry the then new British Aerospace Skyflash missile and the updated AIM-9L Sidewinder. In the 1980s, the Tornado started to replace the Phantom in the air-defence role.  The Greek Air Force (Polemiki Aeroporia, PA) was interested in buying 32 aircraft in 1992 but the differences were too great between the FGR.2 and the F-4Es they operated.[98]  The deployment of a squadron of Phantom FGR.2s to the Falkland Islands after the 1982 War left a gap in the RAF's air defences. With the Tornado ADV still some years from operational service, the RAF purchased 15 second-hand former U.S. Navy F-4J aircraft, chosen from among the best stored at Davis-Monthan Air Force Base and upgraded to a level almost equal to the F-4S. Although they were officially designated as the Phantom F.3, this was rarely used, instead being generally referred to as the F-4J(UK).[99][100] The main difference was the absence of combat slats as requested by the RAF, since they were considered to be a "source of drag".  This also simplified the training of RAF crews as slats were not fitted to other RAF Phantoms. The aircraft were totally overhauled at Naval Air Station North Island and fitted with AWG-10B radar (having Skyflash missile guidance capability, with monopulse I band sensor), smokeless engines and provision for Skyflash missiles. The first F-4J(UK) was delivered to the RAF on 2 August 1984 and from there RAF crews delivered the aircraft to the UK after training.[101]  They entered service with No. 74 Squadron (Tiger Squadron), based at RAF Wattisham in the air-defence role. Crews liked the aircraft, and generally rated them better than the Spey-equipped FGR.2s. They had a slower rate of climb due to the less-powerful engines, but they were also 1,670 lb (760 kg) lighter and able, at altitude, to reach higher speeds (Mach 2.3 at 45,000 ft (14,000 m), compared to Mach 2.1 at 36,000 ft (11,000 m)). The radar was also praised: "engines are good and the radar is excellent" in the words of a pilot. Despite their age and the lack of combat slats these aircraft served well until being phased out in January 1991 in favour of surplus Phantom FGR.2s, before the Phantom was finally retired in 1992.[101]  After 25 years of service the Phantoms ended their RAF career: as a result of the Options for Change military budget reduction in 1990, it was decided to phase out the Phantom. These aircraft were designed for a lifetime of only 1,000 hours but were pushed to 5,800 hours, many of them flown at low-level. First units to disband were the RAF Wildenrath-based 19 and 92 Squadrons, which were the last air defence units to serve in RAF Germany, followed by 56 Squadron in May 1992. The last Phantom squadron, 74 Squadron was disbanded on 1 October 1992.  Royal Navy Fleet Air Arm  Royal Air Force  No. 1 Squadron RAAF No. 6 Squadron RAAF 222nd TFB (Wing) (Cairo West Air Base) 76th Squadron 88th Squadron 76th Squadron 88th Squadron Jagdbombergeschwader 35 (JaboG 35) Jagdbombergeschwader 36 (JaboG 36) Aufklärungsgeschwader 51 (AG 51 "Immelmann") Aufklärungsgeschwader 52 (AG 52) Jagdgeschwader 71 (JG 71 "Richthofen") Jagdgeschwader 72 (JG 72 "Westfalen") Jagdgeschwader 73 (JG 73 "Steinhoff") Jagdgeschwader 74 (JG 74 "Mölders") Wehrtechnische Dienstelle 61 110th Combat Wing 348th Tactical Reconnaissance Squadron "Eyes" Deactivated 5 May 2017. 348th Tactical Reconnaissance Squadron "Eyes" Deactivated 5 May 2017. 117th Combat Wing 338th Fighter-Bomber Squadron "Aris/Mars" 339th Fighter Squadron "Ajax" 338th Fighter-Bomber Squadron "Aris/Mars" 339th Fighter Squadron "Ajax" Nojeh (OIHH) Hamadan, Shahrokhi) 3rd Tactical Air Base 31st Tactical Reconnaissance Squadron: RF-4E 32nd Tactical Fighter Squadron: F-4D and F-4E 33rd Tactical Fighter Squadron: F-4D and F-4E 3rd Tactical Air Base 31st Tactical Reconnaissance Squadron: RF-4E 32nd Tactical Fighter Squadron: F-4D and F-4E 33rd Tactical Fighter Squadron: F-4D and F-4E 31st Tactical Reconnaissance Squadron: RF-4E 32nd Tactical Fighter Squadron: F-4D and F-4E 33rd Tactical Fighter Squadron: F-4D and F-4E Bushehr (OIBB) 6th Tactical Air Base 61st Tactical Fighter Squadron: F-4E 62nd Tactical Fighter Squadron: F-4D and F-4E 6th Tactical Air Base 61st Tactical Fighter Squadron: F-4E 62nd Tactical Fighter Squadron: F-4D and F-4E 61st Tactical Fighter Squadron: F-4E 62nd Tactical Fighter Squadron: F-4D and F-4E Bandar Abbas Int'l (OIKB) 9th Tactical Air Base 91st Tactical Fighter Squadron: F-4E 92nd Tactical Fighter Squadron: F-4E 9th Tactical Air Base 91st Tactical Fighter Squadron: F-4E 92nd Tactical Fighter Squadron: F-4E 91st Tactical Fighter Squadron: F-4E 92nd Tactical Fighter Squadron: F-4E Chah Bahar (OIZC) (Chabahar) 10th Tactical Air Base 101st Tactical Fighter Squadron: F-4D 10th Tactical Air Base 101st Tactical Fighter Squadron: F-4D 101st Tactical Fighter Squadron: F-4D 69 Squadron Ha'patishim (The Hammers) - טייסת הפטישים 105 Squadron Akrav (Scorpion) - טייסת העקרב 107 Squadron Zanav Katom (Knights of the Orange Tail) - אבירי הזנב הכתום 119 Squadron Atalef (Bat) - טייסת העטלף 201 Squadron Ahat (The One) - הטייסת האחת Air Development and Test Wing (1971–2021)[55] 8th Hikōtai (1997–2009)[58] 301st Hikōtai (1973–2020)[58] 302nd Hikōtai (1974–2019)[58] 303rd Hikōtai (1976–1987)[58] 304th Hikōtai (1977–1990)[58] 305th Hikōtai (1978–1993)[58] 306th Hikōtai (1981–1997)[58] 501st Hikōtai (1974–2020)[58] 10th Tactical Fighter Wing 39th TRG 131st TRS 39th TRG 131st TRS 11th Tactical Fighter Wing 110th TFS 151st TFS 110th TFS 151st TFS 17th Tactical Fighter Wing 152nd TFS 153rd TFS 152nd TFS 153rd TFS Ana Jet Üs (Jet Air Base), Eskişehir: 111 Filo "Panter" (F-4E/2020), 112 Filo "Şeytan" (F-4E), 113 Filo "Işık" (RF-4E) Ana Jet Üs, Konya: 132 Filo "Hançer" (F-4E/2020) Ana Jet Üs, Erhaç-Malatya: 171 Filo "Korsan" (F-4E/2020), 172 Filo "Şahin" (F-4E), 173 Filo "Şafak" (F-4E) 1st Tactical Air Force 111 Filo 112 Filo 113 Filo 111 Filo 112 Filo 113 Filo 2nd Tactical Air Force 132 Filo 171 Filo 172 Filo 173 Filo 132 Filo 171 Filo 172 Filo 173 Filo 700P Naval Air Squadron 767 Naval Air Squadron 892 Naval Air Squadron Phantom Post-Operational Conversion Unit No. 2 Squadron No. 6 Squadron No. 14 Squadron No. 17 Squadron No. 19 Squadron No. 23 Squadron No. 29 Squadron No. 31 Squadron No. 41 Squadron No. 43 Squadron No. 54 Squadron No. 56 Squadron No. 64 Squadron/No. 228 Operational Conversion Unit No. 74 Squadron No. 92 Squadron No. 111 Squadron No. 1435 Flight Phantom Training Flight Phantom Conversion Flight Aeroplane and Armament Experimental Establishment F-4 Phantom II F-4 Phantom II variants F-4 Phantom II U.S. operators"
Sarah Pennington House;" The Sarah Pennington House is a private house located at 719 Maple Street in Petoskey, Michigan. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.[1]  The Sarah Pennington House is a 1+1⁄2-story frame Queen Anne structure with a front roof gable. The gable end on the front facade has an elliptical arch seen in Colonial Revival and  Shingle Style designs. Below the gable is a single story polygonal bay window with a hipped roof. The entrance is located on the side of building, through a projecting entrance bay. The house has one-over-one wood-framed window units capped with cornices.[2]  The Sarah Pennington House was constructed some time before 1902. When built, the house was a twin of the structure next door, which implies it may have been erected by a builder as a speculative investment. By 1917 it was owned by Sarah Pennington. Pennington was widowed and used the house to take on boarders.[2]    This article about a property in Michigan on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Rose (color);"   Rose is the color halfway between red and magenta on the HSV color wheel, also known as the RGB color wheel, on which it is at hue angle of 330 degrees.  Rose is one of the tertiary colors on the HSV (RGB) color wheel. The complementary color of rose is spring green. Sometimes rose is quoted instead as the web-safe color FF00CC, which is closer to magenta than to red, corresponding to a hue angle near 320 degrees, or the web-safe color FF0077, which is closer to red than magenta, corresponding to a hue angle of about 340 degrees.  The first recorded use of rose as a color name in English was in 1382.[2]  The etymology of the color name rose is the same as that of the name of the rose flower.  The name originates from Latin rosa, borrowed through Oscan from colonial Greek in southern Italy: rhodon (Aeolic form: wrodon), from Aramaic wurrdā, from Assyrian wurtinnu, from Old Iranian *warda (cf. Avestan warda, Sogdian ward, Parthian wâr).  British historian John William Burgon famously described the Jordanian city of Petra as being colored rose, writing: Marrakech, Morocco is called the Rose City because many of its buildings are colored various tones of rose.[3] Portland, Oregon is nicknamed "The Rose City" for the number of roses and rose gardens that thrive there. "La Vie en rose" (French for "Life through rose-coloured glasses", literally "Life in pink") was the signature song of French singer Édith Piaf. Piaf first popularized the song in 1946. It has been covered by many artists since. Rose Colored Glasses is the 1978 debut album by country singer-songwriter John Conlee. According to New Age author C.W. Leadbeater, who claimed to be clairvoyant, of the seven types of etheric atoms that he claimed to be able to observe with his third eye circulating through the human etheric body (colored violet, blue, green, yellow, orange, dark red, and rose), the flow of the rose colored etheric atoms (also called by Leadbeater the rose vitality globule) from the sun into the rainbow colored spleen chakra is the most important since all the other etheric atoms are derived from it and the rose colored atom vivifies the nervous system. Leadbeater also asserted that humans feel good around pine trees because they radiate more rose colored etheric atoms than any other plant.[4] The revolution in which previous Georgian president Mikhail Saakashvili came to power in 2003 was called the "Rose Revolution". In the Latin Rite of the Catholic Church, priests may wear rose colored vestments on Gaudete Sunday (the third Sunday of Advent) and Laetare Sunday (the fourth Sunday of Lent). Amaranth (color) Cerise (color) Fuchsia (color) Toulouse: "La Ville rose" RAL 3017 Rose Lists of colors"
George Edwards (Australian footballer);"   George Edwards (12 July 1927 – 15 August 1991) was an  Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL).[1] "
Leed;" Leed was a carbonated lemonade soft drink sold in the middle and late 20th century.  It was produced and distributed by Coca-Cola Amatil in New Zealand, Australia, the United Kingdom and Fiji. In 1984, Leed was discontinued and replaced by the more widely known Sprite brand.[1] Accompanying this change was also a new recipe.  Leed Lemon Soda Squash was a variant which was replaced by Mello Yello in the early 1980s.    This soft drink–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. List of defunct consumer brands List of lemonade topics  Drink portal"
Epinotia demarniana;"   Epinotia demarniana is a moth of the family Tortricidae found in most of Europe (except Iceland, Ireland, Portugal, Ukraine, and most of the Balkan Peninsula), east to the eastern part of the Palearctic realm.  Epinotia demarniana has a wingspan of 12 to 22[4] mm.  The larvae feed within the catkins of birch (Betula), alder (Alnus) and goat willow (Salix caprea).[1] Pupation takes place on the ground in a cocoon amongst leaf litter. Adults are on wing from June to July.    This Olethreutinae-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Paedisca demarniana Fischer von Röslerstamm, 1840 [3]"
Jurich Carolina;"   Jurich Christopher Alexander Carolina (born 15 July 1998) is a Curaçaoan professional footballer who plays as a left-back for Polish club Miedź Legnica and the Curaçao national football team.[2]  Carolina made his debut for Eerste Divisie side Jong PSV in 2015. In the 2015–16 season, he joined PSV. He played for AZ before he moved to Eindhoven.[3]  Carolina is a former youth international for the Netherlands at the U17,[4] and  U19 levels.[5] He made his international debut for the Curaçao national team in a 1–1 friendly tie with Bolivia on 23 March 2018.[6]  Miedź Legnica  Curaçao  I liga: 2021–22 King's Cup: 2019"
Vigerslev Allé station;" Vigerslev Allé station is an S-train station in Copenhagen, Denmark. The station is located on Vigerslev Allé, the main traffic artery of its namesake neighbourghood of Vigerslev, which forms the westernmost part of the Copenhagen district of Valby.  It opened in 2005 and is served by the ring line.  This article about a Danish railway station is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This Copenhagen Metro-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. v t e Valby Maskinfabrik Vigerslev Carl Jacobsens Vej Roskildevej Toftegårds Plads Valby Langgade Vigerslev Allé Valbyparken Vigerslevparken Jesus Church Lyset Spinderiet Shopping Centre Valby Sports Park The White Houses Danshøj station Langgade station Ny Ellebjerg station Sjælør station Valby station Vigerslev Allé station De Danske Bomuldsspinderier v t e v t e"
List of rivers of Ponce, Puerto Rico;"   This list of rivers of Ponce consists of the 14 rivers in the municipality of Ponce, Puerto Rico. Rivers that either originate in the municipality or that run the bulk of their course through said municipality are listed. Except for two rivers, Río Portugués and Río Jacaguas, all other rivers originate and terminate within the boundaries of the municipality of Ponce. This list does not include quebradas (English: brooks). Only streams recognized as "rivers" by the United States Geological Survey and the Puerto Rico Department of Natural and Environmental Resources are included here.  All the rivers in the municipality of Ponce run into one of four river basins that then empty into the Caribbean Sea.[1] These four river basins are: Río Matilde, Río Bucaná, Río Inabón, and Río Jacaguas.  Río Pastillo and Río Canas merge to form Río Matilde.  Río Blanco, Río Prieto, Río San Patricio, Río Bayagán, Río Cerrillos, Río Chiquito, and Río Portugués all run in one manner or other into Río Bucaná.  Río Anon feeds into Río Inabón (Río Guayo also feeds into Río Inabón, but Río Guayo is not located in the municipality of Ponce).  Río Jacaguas is actually shared between the municipalities of Ponce and Juana Díaz, as it forms the boundary between the two municipalities. Various rivers feed into Río Jacaguas, but none of them are located within the municipality of Ponce.  Two rivers, Río Bucaná and Río Portugués, are partially canalized. These canalization occur in parts of the urban area of the city of Ponce.  Additionally, two rivers have been dammed: Río Cerrillos was dammed to create the Cerrillos Lake, and the damming of Río Portugués is expected to create the Portugués Lake[2] when the project is completed in 2013.[3] The damming of Río Cerrillos occurred north of the point where Río Bayagán feeds into Río Cerrillos but south of where Río San Patricio feeds into Río Cerrillos.  [*] = When the watershed area for a river appears as "Not Applicable", the river is itself part of another river's watershed area.  Listed according to the latitude at the mouth of the river:   This lists the rivers in order of their longitude or, roughly, where the river's mouth is relative to the Ponce shore:  Río Anón Río Bayagán Río Blanco Río Bucaná Río Canas Río Cerrillos Río Chiquito Río Inabón Río Jacaguas Río Matilde Río Pastillo Río Portugués Río Prieto Río San Patricio Río Pastillo - at 66.6404508 W Río Canas - at 66.6404508 W Río Chiquito - at 66.6135062 W Río Blanco - at 66.6079505 W Río Prieto - at 66.6079505 W Río San Patricio - at 66.6068395 W Río Bucaná - at 66.5998946 W Río Bayagán - at 66.5857282 W Río Matilde - at 66.5798949 W Río Portugués - at 66.5798949 W Río Anón - at 66.5798949 W Río Cerrillos - at 66.5798949 W Río Inabón - at 66.5582270 W Río Jacaguas - at 66.5393380 W Río Matilde Río Bucaná Río Inabón Río Jacaguas Río Pastillo - at 18.0019106 N Río Canas - at 18.0019106 N Río Chiquito - at 18.0330201 N Río Bayagán - at 18.0435751 N Río San Patricio - at 18.1177384 N Río Portugués - at 18.1319046 N Río Anón - at 18.1319046 N Río Cerrillos - at 18.1319046 N Río Blanco - at 18.1438485 N Río Prieto - at 18.1438485 N Puerto Rico portal List of rivers of Puerto Rico"
Identity School of Acting;"   Identity School of Acting is a part-time drama school that was founded in London, England by Femi Oguns in 2003. A second branch and campus opened in Los Angeles, California in 2018.  Identity School of Acting began in 2003 with 10 students at the Arcola Theatre in Hackney. Although open to prospective students of all ethnicities, Oguns founded the institution with the intent of reaching out to black and minority actors and promoting the diversity of the real world on stage and onscreen, as well as holding casting directors to account due to the lack of opportunity he had found in his own early acting experiences.[1] The school later moved to Holborn, and then again to Brixton, as well as offering online classes.[2][3] The school offers part-time acting training starting at age 16.  The school is affiliated with Identity Agency Group, which was established in 2006. However, the agency is a separate entity, not all students and alumni are necessarily represented by the agency, and not every actor represented by IAG is necessarily a student or alumnus of IDSA.[4]  The Los Angeles branch of Identity School was launched in 2018 with alumni John Boyega, Letitia Wright, Malachi Kirby, Damson Idris, and Melanie Liburd as patrons of the new faculty.[5] Oguns and Boyega launched a production arm of the institution, Identity Filmworks, in 2019.[6]    Femi Oguns, founder Adelayo Adedayo Samuel Adewunmi Shaquille Ali-Yebuah John Boyega Simona Brown Noeleen Comiskey Leonie Elliott Fola Evans-Akingbola Amelia Eve Tanya Fear Sophie Hopkins Damson Idris Osy Ikhile Armin Karima Malachi Kirby Jessie Mei Li Melanie Liburd Judi Love Tahj Miles Zackary Momoh Rukku Nahar Weruche Opia Chance Perdomo Aaron Phagura Jessica Plummer Scribz Riley Varada Sethu Kenny Umeh Tahirah Sharif Lydia West Letitia Wright[7] Sonya Balmores"
Kko Kko Tours Single Single;" Kko Kko Tours Single Single (Korean: 꼬꼬관광 싱글싱글)  is a South Korean celebrity dating reality-variety show that aired on KBS2 from September 21 to November 23, 2008 as a segment in Happy Sunday. It was hosted by former Country Kko Kko members, Tak Jae-hoon and Shin Jung-hwan.  The show features male and female celebrities who will be paired up and go on dates to get to know each other. The celebrities invite someone on the show to go with them during the trip. In the beginning of the season, each person will reveal who they invited and in the last episode, they will decide who they want to spend a vacation with.[1][2]  The first episode was aired on September 21, 2008 and was filmed in Saipan. In the first episode, the show introduced the celebrities who will be participating in the show. Girls' Generation's Tiffany, Park Jung-ah, Amy, Jung Shi-ah and Hong In-young were the female guests, while the male guests were Shinhwa's Lee Min-woo, Shin Dong-wook, Tim, Gil, and volleyball player Moon Sung-min.  During a segment in the second episode, each person revealed the person they invited through a heart-shaped picture on a shirt they're wearing. The person reads a letter they wrote and removes the heart sticker on their shirts to reveal a photo of the person they wanted to go on a vacation with.  In the last episode, each male guest will approach the female guest they want to spend the rest of the vacation with and the female guest will decide whether or not to accept him. If a guest ends up without a partner after the selection, he or she will leave by themselves.  The second season premiered on November 2, 2008 with the same hosts. Jung Shi-ah, Amy, Lee Min-woo, Shin Dong-wook and Gil returned for the second season. New guests were also introduced in the first episode. Girls' Generation's Yuri, jazz pianist Jin Bora and Kim Shi-hyang for the female guests, 2PM's Chansung and actor Jo Dong-hyuk for the male guests. The second season was filmed in Jeju Island.[3]  Similar to the first season, on the first episode of the show, the guests reveal the person they want to go on a vacation with, but instead of shirts, the photos are on heart-shaped fans.  Like the previous season, the guests pair up for the final selection, but instead of the male guests, the female guests will approach the men and the men will choose whether or not to accept.  The show was cancelled due to its high production costs and low ratings. It was replaced by a new season of Immortal Music Classics.[4]  Shi-ah - Dong-wook In-young - Tim Amy - Min-woo Tiffany - Min-woo Jung-ah - Sung-min Tim - Jung-ah Sung-min - Tiffany Min-woo - In-young Dong-wook - Jung-ah Gil - Amy and Shi-ah Lee Min-woo and Amy Moon Sung-min and Hong In-young Tim and Tiffany Shi-hyang - Min-woo Bora - Shin Jung-hwan Yuri - Gil Chansung - Shi-ah Dong-hyuk - Yuri Shin Dong-wook and Jin Bora Chansung and Jung Shi-ah Lee Min-woo and Amy Jo Dong-hyuk and Yuri"
Mariamjvari Strict Nature Reserve;" Mariamjvari Strict Nature Reserve (Georgian: მარიამჯვარი) is a protected area in Sagarejo Municipality, Kakheti region of Georgia on the southern slopes of Gombori Range.[1]  Mariamjvari  Nature Reserve  was founded in 1935 with the purpose of preserving untouched landscapes of relic Sosnowskyi pine (Pinus sosnowskyi).[2][3]  Presently Mariamjvari Strict Nature Reserve is part of Georgia's Protected Areas which also includes Korugi Managed Reserve and Iori Managed Reserve.[4]  Most of the reserve landscape is covered with forest. Relict Sosnovskyi pine of Caucasus is spread at 800–1800 m above sea level. It is represented by variety of forms due to tree polymorphism :  pyramidal (Pinus Sosnowsky Nakai var. Pyramidalis Kurd.), compact (Pinus Sosnowsky Nakai var. Compacta Kurd.), oval (Pinus Sosnowsky Nakai var. Ovalus Kurd.), umbrella type (Pinus Sosnowsky Nakai var. umbraculifera Kurd.). In protected forest there are also specimens of hornbeam,  oriental hornbeam (Carpinus orientalis),  oak, beech, maple, elm.  There are also many species of shrubs.    This Georgia location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Scots pine"
Russell Hobby (trade unionist);"  Russell Keith Hobby CBE (born 22 January 1972[1]) is the CEO of Teach First. He was the General Secretary of the National Association of Head Teachers (NAHT) until September 2017.  He was born in Abingdon-on-Thames in Oxfordshire. His father, a plasma physicist for the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority. His mother was a qualified primary school teacher. He attended a comprehensive school, the John Mason School. He went to Corpus Christi College, Oxford to study PPE, leaving in 1993.  He became General Secretary of NAHT in September 2010.[2] He was re-elected General Secretary in January 2015.[3] In May 2017, he was appointed CEO of Teach First.[4]  Hobby was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2022 New Year Honours for services to education.[5] "
James Lochead;" James Kenneth Lochead (December 23, 1923 - July 25, 1999) was an American figure skater.  He competed in ice dance, winning the gold medal at the 1943 and 1944 United States Figure Skating Championships with partner Marcella May.  He also competed in pairs with May, winning the bronze medal at Nationals in 1944 and 1945, and in men's singles, capturing the silver at the national championships in 1946. Away from the ice, Lochead graduated from the University of California at Berkeley and later earned a master's degree from Harvard University. He later worked for Standard Oil and spent many years living in London.    This article about a United States figure skater is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. James Lochead's obituary California Dreamin': The Marcella May Willis And Jimmy Lochead Jr. Story v t e 1936: Marjorie Parker Smith / Joseph Savage 1937–1938: Nettie Prantell / Harold Hartshorne 1939–1941: Sandy MacDonald / Harold Hartshorne 1942: Edith Whetstone / A.L. Richards 1943–1944: Marcella May / James Lochead 1945: Kathe Mehl Williams / Robert Swenning 1946: Anne Davies / Carleton Hoffner 1947–1949: Lois Waring / Walter Bainbridge 1950: Lois Waring / Michael McGean 1951: Carmel Bodel / Edward Bodel 1952: Lois Waring / Michael McGean 1953: Carol Ann Peters / Daniel Ryan 1954–1955: Carmel Bodel / Edward Bodel 1956: Joan Zamboni / Roland Junso 1957: Sharon McKenzie / Bert Wright 1958–1959: Andree Anderson / Donald Jacoby 1960: Margie Ackles / Charles Phillips 1961: Diane Sherbloom / Larry Pierce 1962: Yvonne Littlefield / Peter Betts 1963: Sally Schantz / Stanley Urban 1964: Darleen Streich / Charles Fetter 1965–1966: Kristin Fortune / Dennis Sveum 1967: Lorna Dyer / John Carrell 1968–1972: Judy Schwomeyer / Jim Sladky 1973: Mary Campbell / Johnny Johns 1974–1976: Colleen O'Connor / James Millns 1977: Judi Genovesi / Kent Weigle 1978–1980: Stacey Smith / John Summers 1981–1985: Judy Blumberg / Michael Seibert 1986: Renée Roca / Donald Adair 1987–1988: Suzanne Semanick / Scott Gregory 1989–1990: Susan Wynne / Joseph Druar 1991: Elizabeth Punsalan / Jerod Swallow 1992: April Sargent / Russ Witherby 1993: Renée Roca / Gorsha Sur 1994: Elizabeth Punsalan / Jerod Swallow 1995: Renée Roca / Gorsha Sur 1996–1998: Elizabeth Punsalan / Jerod Swallow 1999–2003: Naomi Lang / Peter Tchernyshev 2004–2008: Tanith Belbin White / Benjamin Agosto 2009–2014: Meryl Davis / Charlie White 2015: Madison Chock / Evan Bates 2016–2017: Maia Shibutani / Alex Shibutani 2018–2019: Madison Hubbell / Zachary Donohue 2020: Madison Chock / Evan Bates 2021: Madison Hubbell / Zachary Donohue 2022: Madison Chock / Evan Bates v t e"
Ronald Brown (mathematician);"   Ronald Brown is an English mathematician. Emeritus Professor in the School of Computer Science at Bangor University,[1] he has authored many books and more than 160 journal articles.  Born on 4 January 1935 in London, Brown attended Oxford University, obtaining a B.A. in 1956 and a D.Phil. in 1962.[2] Brown began his teaching career during his doctorate work, serving as an assistant lecturer at the University of Liverpool before assuming the position of Lecturer. In 1964, he took a position at the University of Hull, serving first as a Senior Lecturer and then as a Reader before becoming a Professor of pure mathematics at Bangor University, then a part of the University of Wales, in 1970.  Brown served as Professor of Pure Mathematics for 30 years, he also served during the 1983–84 term as a Professor for one month at Louis Pasteur University in Strasbourg.[2] In 1999, Brown took a half-time research professorship until he became Professor Emeritus in 2001. He was elected as a Fellow of the Learned Society of Wales in 2016.  Brown has served as an editor or on the editorial board for a number of print and electronic journals. He began in 1968 with the Chapman & Hall Mathematics Series, contributing through 1986.[2] In 1975, he joined the editorial advisory board of the London Mathematical Society, remaining through 1994. Two years later, he joined the editorial board of Applied Categorical Structures,[3] continuing through 2007. From 1995 and 1999, respectively, he has been active with the electronic journals Theory and Applications of Categories[4] and Homology, Homotopy and Applications,[5] which he helped found. Since 2006, he has been involved with Journal of Homotopy and Related Structures.[6] His mathematical research interests range from algebraic topology and groupoids, to homology theory, category theory, mathematical biology, mathematical physics and higher-dimensional algebra.[7][8][9][10][11]  Brown has authored or edited a number of books and over 160 academic papers published in academic journals or collections. His first published paper was "Ten topologies for X × Y", which was published in the Quarterly Journal of Mathematics in 1963[12] Since then, his publications have appeared in many journals, including but not limited to the Journal of Algebra, Proceedings of the American Mathematical Society, Mathematische Zeitschrift, College Mathematics Journal, and American Mathematical Monthly. He is also known for several recent co-authored papers on categorical ontology.[13]  Among his several books and standard topology and algebraic topology textbooks are: Elements of Modern Topology (1968), Low-Dimensional Topology (1979, co-edited with T.L. Thickstun), Topology: a geometric account of general topology, homotopy types, and the fundamental groupoid (1998),[14][15] Topology and Groupoids (2006)[16] and Nonabelian Algebraic Topology: Filtered Spaces, Crossed Complexes, Cubical Homotopy Groupoids (EMS, 2010).[16][17][18][19][20][21][22][23][24][25]  His recent fundamental results that extend the classical Van Kampen theorem to higher homotopy in higher dimensions (HHSvKT) are of substantial interest for solving several problems in algebraic topology, both old and new.[26] Moreover, developments in algebraic topology have often had wider implications, as for example in algebraic geometry and also in algebraic number theory. Such higher-dimensional (HHSvKT) theorems are about homotopy invariants of structured spaces, and especially those for filtered spaces or n-cubes of spaces. An example is the fact that the relative Hurewicz theorem is a consequence of HHSvKT, and this then suggested a triadic Hurewicz theorem.  Higher-dimensional algebra Higher category theory Seifert–van Kampen theorem Groupoids Algebraic topology Nonabelian algebraic topology R-algebroids Double groupoids Homology (mathematics) Alexander Grothendieck arXiv"
CLIP4;" 2Z0W 79745 78785 ENSG00000115295 ENSMUSG00000024059 Q8N3C7 Q8CI96 NM_001287527NM_001287528NM_024692 NM_001271483NM_001271484NM_030179NM_175378 NP_001274456NP_001274457NP_078968 NP_001258412NP_001258413NP_084455NP_780587 CAP-Gly Domain Containing Linker Protein Family Member 4 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the CLIP4 gene.[6] In terms of conserved domains, the CLIP4 gene contains primarily ankyrin repeats and the eponymous CAP-Gly domains.[6] The structure of the CLIP4 protein is largely made up of coil, with alpha helices dominating the rest of the protein.[7] CLIP4 mRNA expression occurs largely in the adrenal cortex and atrioventricular node.[8] The literature encompassing CLIP4's conserved domains and paralogs points toward microtubule regulation as a possible function of CLIP4.  The human CLIP4 gene, also known as Restin-Like Protein 2 (RSNL2),[9] is located on the plus strand of the short (p) arm of chromosome 2 at region 2, band 3[9] from base pair 29,096,676 to base pair 29,189,643. CLIP4 is 92,968 base pairs in length and consists of 23 exons.[9]  The human CLIP4 protein is 705 amino acids in length and is composed of two main types of conserved domains: Two CAP-Gly domains and numerous ankyrin repeats.[9] The secondary structure of CLIP4 consists largely of random coil, with alpha helices as the second-most abundant structure and beta sheets as the third-most abundant structure.[7]  The isoelectronic point of the unprocessed CLIP4 protein is slightly basic (8.62 pI), meaning there is a slight excess of basic amino acids compared to acidic amino acids.[13] The molecular weight is about 65 kD.[13] The most abundant amino acid in CLIP4 is Serine, which makes up 10.7% of the protein.[14] Aligned matching blocks of separated, tandem, and periodic repeats are found between positions 340-345 and 542-547, as well as 447-547 and 564-568.[14] The unusual 9-figure periodic element of a singular Lysine followed by eight other amino acids occurs five times within the protein when compared to the swp23s.q dataset.[14] Another unusual phenomenon is a 7-figure periodic element of a negatively charged amino acid followed by six other hydrophobic amino acids, which occurs six times within the protein when compared to the swp23s.q dataset.[14] There are two instances of Serine spacing and two instances of Phenylalanine spacing that comprise unusually large distances when compared to the swp23s.q dataset.[14]  CLIP4 RNA expression is consistently measured to a high degree in the thyroid.[6] Additionally, high degrees of transcription occur in the adrenal cortex and atrioventricular node.[8] The Human Protein Atlas points toward high RNA expression values in the muscle tissues, as well as some in the skin, endocrine tissues, and proximal digestive tract.[17] Greatest protein expression values appeared in the muscle tissues as well, in addition to some in the lung, gastrointestinal tract, liver & gallbladder, and bone marrow & lymphoid tissues.[17]  CLIP4 protein expression seems to be highly expressed during Ada3 deficiency.[18] There also exists a higher trend towards higher CLIP4 expression in the absence of U28.[18]  These transcription factors were chosen and organized based on proximity to the promoter and matrix similarity.[19]                                                                                  The human CLIP4 mRNA sequence has 12 stem-loop structures in its 5' UTR and 13 stem-loop structures in its 3' UTR. Of those secondary structures, there are 12 conserved stem-loop secondary structures in the 5'UTR as well as 1 conserved stem-loop secondary structure in the 3' UTR.[20]  The human CLIP4 protein is localized within the cellular nuclear membrane.[21] CLIP4 does not have a signal peptide due to its intracellular localization.[22] It also does not have N-linked glycosylation sites for that same reason.[23] CLIP4 is not cleaved.[24] However, numerous O-linked glycosylation sites are present.[25] A high density of phosphorylation sites are present in the 400-599 amino acid positions on the CLIP4 protein, although many are also present throughout the rest of the protein.[26]  CAP-Gly domains are often associated with microtubule regulation.[27] In addition, ankyrin repeats are known to mediate protein-protein interactions.[28] Furthermore, CLIP1, a paralog of CLIP4 in humans, is known to bind to microtubules and regulate the microtubule cytoskeleton.[29] The CLIP4 protein is also predicted to interact with various microtubule-associated proteins.[30] As a result, it is likely that the CLIP4 protein, although uncharacterized, is associated with microtubule regulation.  The CLIP4 protein is predicted to interact with many proteins associated with microtubules, namely, MAPRE1, MAPRE2, and MAPRE3. It is also predicted to interact with CKAP5 and DCTN1, a cytoskeleton-associated protein and dynactin-associated protein respectively.[30]  CLIP4 activity is correlated with the spread of renal cell carcinomas (RCCs) within the host and could therefore be a potential biomarker for RCC metastasis in cancer patients.[31] Additionally, measurement of promotor methylation levels of CLIP4 using a Global Methylation DNA Index reveals that higher methylation of CLIP4 is associated with an increase in severity of gastritis to possibly gastric cancer.[32] This indicates that CLIP4 could be used for early detection of gastric cancer.[33] A similar finding was also documented for prostate cancer, in which CLIP4 was found to be hypermethylated in patients with prostate cancer.[34]  The presence of CLIP4 was found to be highly increased in samples with predicted severe fibrosis as a result of Chronic Hepatitis C virus (HCV).[35] Additionally, the presence of CLIP4 as a novel self-antigen in Systmic Lupus Arythematosus points to it having a potential role in the disease mechanism.[36]  These orthologs were chosen and organized based on estimated date of divergence from the human protein as well as the global sequence identity.[37]  secondary oocyte germinal epithelium gastrocnemius muscle sural nerve skin of abdomen external globus pallidus Brodmann area 23 internal globus pallidus parietal pleura left lobe of thyroid gland seminiferous tubule spermatid digastric muscle soleus muscle sternocleidomastoid muscle extensor digitorum longus muscle masseter muscle temporal muscle right ventricle olfactory tubercle"
Ella Ehlers;"   Ella Ehlers (born Ella Schimpf:  30 May 1904 – 9 April 1985) was a German Kindergarten teacher.   Through her work, in 1926 she met Adolf Ehlers (1898–1978), a political activist who at around the same time was readmitted to the Communist Party.   She became his secretary and then, in 1928, his wife.   Ella Schimpf had grown up in a heavily politicised family, and she now participated energetically with her husband in the increasingly polarised politics of the time.   After 1933 she engaged in dangerous (and illegal) anti-government resistance, but she nevertheless survived the twelve Hitler years.[1]  In 1945 she rejoined the (no longer illegal) Communist Party, but switched the next year to the SPD and built a new political career in Bremen, at times working closely with her husband who became a senator and later, between 1959 and 1963, mayor of the city.  Her own focus was mostly on the social and welfare sectors.  She was involved in the setting up of several new support organisations.   Ella Ehlers' final major role came in 1964 when she was appointed to chair the state committee of the Workers' Welfare organisation.[1][2]  Ella Schimpf was born in Dresden, the youngest of her parents' three children.   Karl Schimpf, father worked as a glazier and cabinet maker.[3]   Her mother Maria had worked in one of Dresden's many cigarette factories, but after the births of the children switched to making hand-rolled cigarettes as a "home worker".[1]   Both her parents were active trades unionists and, by 1900, members of the still far from mainstream Social Democratic Party ("Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands" / SPD).[2]   Politics and socialism were frequently discussed within the family, often with great passion.[3]   At the age of eight Ella would join her brother to deliver the pro-SPD Leipziger Volkszeitung (Newspaper), in order to be able to contribute to the family housekeeping budget.[1][4]  In 1914, when she was ten both her parents resigned from the SPD, horrified by the decision of the party leadership in the Reichstag (national parliament) to vote in favour of war credits to help finance the war which had broken out in July.   That decision was contentious with many party members, and by the time the war ended four years later had led to a party split and thereby, indirectly, the launch of the Communist Party of Germany During December/January 1918/1919.   Her parents joined the Communist Party in 1920.[1]   Ella and her siblings joined the Young Communists.[3]  1918 was the year in which she left school and went to work in the children's ward at a nearby hospital and, later, at as a domestic assistant at a sanatorium.[2]  When she had been younger she had planned to become a teacher, and now she was keen to train and qualify for a career in nursing, but both options were closed off to her by the absence of the necessary funds in the family.[3]   Nevertheless, her extensive hands-on experience of childcare would later prove invaluable for her subsequent career in the care sector and, after 1928, in politics.[2]   In 1922 a "free place" came up for a traineeship as a Kindergarten teacher and registered children's nurse:  she grabbed her opportunity.[1]  The children came from miserable backgrounds, often made worse by a parent's imprisonment.   Now [in the Barkenhoff] they were to be nurtured in order not merely to restore them physically, but also so that they might acquire experience of solidarity and be educated to become politically thinking individuals.  Following qualification, Schimpf worked between 1924 and 1928 at the Barkenhoff in Worpswede, a small town set in the flat marshlands to the north of Bremen that had become home to a lively artistic community since the end of the 19th century.   The Barkenhoff was a large detached house that had been acquired by the artist-turned-pacifist Heinrich Vogeler in 1894, and which after the First World War was made available by its owner to "Red Aid", a communist led workers' welfare organisation with well-publicised links to its Moscow based sister organisation ("Междунаро́дная организа́ция по́мощи борца́м револю́ции" / МОПР).   Red Aid reconfigured the house for use as a rehabilitation home for the children of killed Communist activists and those who had been arrested and detained in the aftermath of the uprisings in the ports and industrial cities during 1918/19.   Other sources emphasize the extent to which many of the children looked after in The Barkenhoff were "half-orphans" (the children of war-widow mothers) and children from families in which the fathers had been too badly wounded in the war to be able to find work and provide for their own children.[1][4]   According to at least one source the Barkenhoff children's home was organised on a "collective" basis.[3]   Elsewhere it is stated that Ella Schimpf/Ehlers was placed in overall charge of it in 1926 and ran it for the next two years.[1][2]  It was through the highly politicised children's home at which she worked that in 1926 Ella Schimpf met Adolf Ehlers (1898–1978).   Ehlers was a prominent member of the Communist Party and the newly appointed secretary of "Red Aid". The two of them quickly formed an intense personal relationship which, as matters turned out, would become life-long. They married at some point between 1928 and 1935: sources differ. The marriage would remain childless. By the time the Ehlers relocated to Berlin in 1928 they were both committed members of the  Communist Party which was itself in a state of intensifying inner turmoil.[2][3][4]  In 1929 Ella Ehlers took over the direction of a MOPR ("International Red Aid") children's home in Elgersburg, in the countryside south of Erfurt in Thuringia, from where every two months she visited her husband who had remained in Berlin.[4]   Over the next couple of years she became caught up in the backwash from the ferocious party ructions of the period, both on account of her husband and on her own account.   Ever since Ernst Thälmann had become party leader in 1925 there had been a drive from the top for the Communist Party of Germany to align itself more closely - and some thought ever more unquestioningly - with the uncompromising anti-Trotskyite "hardline" version of communism which by this time was being propounded and implemented by the Soviet party under Stalin.   One result of this in Germany was an unbending hostility to the centre-left Social Democratic Party, which contributed to a division on the political left of German politics that would prove disastrous in the build-up to  1933.   Adolf and Ella Ehlers had relocated to Berlin, and Adolf Ehlers had remained there, in order that he might undertake an important job as national head of the propaganda department for "Red Aid".   Sources indicate that his appointment to the job took effect during or shortly after 1927.  However, by 1929 he was becoming increasingly estranged from the Stalinist party leadership, and when the party split during 1929/30 he was one of a large number of senior comrades who ended up as members of the so-called Communist Party of Germany (Opposition), which in the short term sought (unsuccessfully) to replace the "mainstream" Communist Party.   Ella Ehlers had no difficulty in backing her husband and the other members of the break-away party.   Sources are not entirely clear about the chronology of the next couple of years, but during or before 1930 Adolf Ehlers lost his job as head of the propaganda with "Red Aid".   Ella Ehlers was having her own problems at Elgersburg with the Comintern "permanent representative" to Germany, Elena Stasova and with Erna Halbe who had been parachuted in by the party leadership to join her as co-leader at the MOPR children's home.   In or before 1931 Ella Ehlers was removed from her position at the children's home and expelled from the party.[3][4]  The Ehlers now moved back to Bremen where in the immediate term they now lived with Ella's older sister Grete Deisen and her husband Wilhelm, who had their home in the Osternburger Street near the city centre.   Wilhelm Deisen was a fellow Communist activist who, like the Ehlers, had broken away from the "mainstream" party.[5]   Neither of the Ehlers was able to find work, and they stayed with the Deisen's, accommodated in an improvised apartment in the attic, for longer than any of those involved might have anticipated.  A particular difficulty was that Adolf Ehlers had fallen seriously ill.   He remained unemployed for six and a half years.[1][4]   Ella Ehlers therefore trained and qualified for office work, after which she took a clerical job with a small Bremen coffee business.[4]    Subsequently or concurrently she also undertook typing and office work with the Bergolin paint factory.   The proprietor was aware of her anti-government political views, but protected her.[1]   Throughout the middle 1930s, till 1938, Adolf and Ella Ehlers were entirely dependent on Ella's wages for putting food on the table.[4]  During 1932 the couple joined the Socialist Workers' Party ("Sozialistische Arbeiterpartei Deutschlands" / SAPD), which had been formed the previous year by break-away former members of the SPD.   With German politics increasingly spilling onto the streets as the political parties became ever more polarised, and with the Reichstag (national parliament) becoming gridlocked by the mutual contempt of the principal populist parties (and not helped by continuing refusal of the Communist Party to discuss any sort of parliamentary coalition or collaboration with anyone else), the SAPD was formed out of a fear that political division on the left was opening a path to power for populist nationalists of the right.   It proved a prescient fear, and one with which the Ehlers identified.[3][4]   In Bremen most of the former communists who had switched to the (as matters turned out short-lived) KPD(O) as part of the party split of 1929/30 also  switched over to the SAPD.[4]  In January 1933 the Hitler government seized the opportunity presented by the political gridlock to take power.  The new government lost no time in transforming Germany into a one-party dictatorship   Political activity (unless on behalf of the ruling National Socialists) was outlawed.  "Red Aid" was banned as part of the Reichstag Fire Decree at the end of February 1933.   The Ehlers by now had their own apartment which very soon became a secret meeting place for the now illegal political activity which they continued to undertake with party comrades.[1][4]   Resistance activism under a dictatorship tends to go unreported unless those who engage in it end up in court, in which case records of statements used for the trial often provide a relatively detailed version of what was done or at least alleged.   Ella Ehlers appears never to have been caught.   Sources recall that during the twelve years of the Hitler government she undertook (and according to at least one source organised) illegal courier work which kept SAPD comrades in touch with one another.   Elsewhere it is recorded that she was involved in helping endangered female comrades to escape the country.[2][4]   In 1934 the underground SAPD made contact with the "Internationaler Sozialistischer Kampfbund" (loosely, "International Socialist Militant League"), an organisation of German socialists who had set up an exiled leadership group in Sweden.  There was a regular exchange of documents involving the SAPD leader August Enderle who was based in Stockholm from 1934 and who evidently had access to a printing press.   A communication channel was set up involving members of the International Transport Workers' Federation, working on the ships sailing between the Swedish parts and Bremen.   In addition it is recorded that on at least two occasions Ella Ehlers herself made the trip from Berlin to Hamburg in order to meet a woman in a café who gave her printed pamphlets for onward distribution in Germany.[1][6]   In connection with her courier work during the war years Ella Ehlers also established firm and lasting friendships both with Irmgard Enderle and with the future Berlin mayor and West German chancellor Willy Brandt, who after 1940 assumed an increasingly prominent role among the German socialist resistance activists based in Norway and Sweden.[4]  It is impossible to know how far the security services were aware of the extent of the illegal contacts that Adolf and Elly Ehlers sustained on behalf of the SAPD.   Certainly their house was subjected to frequent and thorough searches and they themselves were burdened with a succession of checks and reporting requirements.   They nevertheless seem to have avoided lengthy periods of detention.[4]   Despite his political record, in 1938 Adolf Ehlers finally managed to find work.   He had already worked for the shipbuilders AG Weser between 1918 and 1923, and in 1938 the firm took him back.   He immediately became known to those who wished and needed to know as a contact between the workforce and the "underground" anti-government resistance movement in Bremen.[1]  Already in 1944 Adolf Ehlers was meeting regularly with Hermann Wolters of the Communist Party.   Military defeat had been on the horizon ever since Germany's catastrophic military reverses at Stalingrad in 1942/43, and the men's conspiratorial meetings presumably included discussions of possible post-war options.   Those meetings may also have played their part in persuading Adolf and Ella Ehlers to rejoin the Communist Party after War ended and the National Socialist dictatorship ended in May 1945.[4]    With no way of immediately organising elections in the rubble of the German cities and towns, The western occupying powers were nevertheless keen to restore the pre-Hitler democratic intuitions with a power balance that should as far as possible (and with the exception of National Socialist representation) reflect the political power balance in 1932/33, which was the last time that broadly democratic elections had taken place in a democratic Germany.   In Bremen Adolf Ehlers  and Hermann Wolters were nominated to represent the Communist Party in the Senate of Bremen.   Adolf Ehlers continued to serve in the senate till 1963.[4][7]  Although most of north-western Germany was placed in the British occupation zone in 1945, Bremen was administered by the US occupation forces for logistical reasons connected with the need by the US military for a large port into which they could ship men and supplies to support their operations in the US occupation zone to the south.   To the east lay the Soviet occupation zone.   In the immediate post war period those with access to transport were able to move relatively freely between the four occupation zones, and in May 1946 Adolf Ehlers and Hermann Wolters together attended the Leipzig Trade Fair.   During their visit they clashed bitterly with comrade Walter Ulbricht, who was emerging as the Soviet-backed leader of a new kind of German one-party dictatorship in the central region of Germany which between 1945 and 1949 was administered under Soviet military control.   Political developments during April 1946 had recalled pre-war concerns across the west that the German communist party, like its new successor party in the Soviet zone, risked becoming nothing more than a proxy for Moscow's all-too traditional imperialist ambitions.   Towards the end of May 1946 Adolf and Ella Ehlers switched their political allegiance to the Social Democratic Party.[1]   When local elections were held in October 1946 Adolf  Ehlers won his seat as an  SPD member of the "Bremen Bürgerschaft" (state parliament).[1][4]   Between 1945 and 1948 Adolf Ehlers served as Senator for Welfare.   In 1947 Health was added to his senatorial portfolio.   1947 was also the year in which he was one of a small group of senators engaged in drafting a new state constitution for Bremen.   He then served between 1948 and 1963 as Bremen Senator for the Interior, which made him one of the city's leading political figures during the "Wirtschaftswunder" years.[1][4]  In addition to supporting her husband in his political role, Ella Ehlers undertook a number of major projects of her own.  In August 1945 she co-founded and became deputy chair ("... zweite Vorsitzende") of the "Bremer Arbeiterhilfswerk" (AHW), a workers' welfare provider in which, at least in these early days, Communists and Social Democrats worked closely together.[8]   In the austerity of the immediate postwar years there were major programmes for distributing food, clothes, heating fuel and so-called "CARE-packages" to be planned and implemented.   As part of the AHW operation she organised children's convalescence cures in the village of Lankenau, a short distance outside Bremen to the west.   She organised sewing rooms for women who had no prospect of visiting shops to replace their families' worn out clothes and established another much needed programme which involved as necessary/possible sorting, cleaning, mending and redistributing donated second-hand clothes to those who needed them most urgently.[1][4]  Because of the extensive use that the US military were making of the extensive dock facilities, and the millions of US citizens whose parents or grandparents had emigrated via the port during the concluding decades of the nineteenth century, Bremen was already relatively well known in the United States, where a network of volunteer-based welfare charities had sprung up in response to the human tragedies in Europe of the war and its aftermath.   Her friendship from their illegal contacts with SAPD activists who had been based in Stockholm during the war years had left Ella Ehlers with good contacts in Sweden.   Swiss welfare organisations were also much in evidence in Germany during the immediate post-war years.   Through these contacts Ella Ehlers took the initiative on behalf of the AHW of launching an international aid and welfare donations campaign in support of the many needy citizens of Bremen.   From Sweden Irmgard Enderle sent additional "CARE-parcels".   Other politically engaged Bremen citizens participating with particular energy in the poverty relief efforts of the AHW included Clara Jungmittag, Charlotte Niehaus, Helene Kaisen and Anna Stiegler.[1][4]  On a more expressly political front Ella Ehlers was a founder member and leading activist in support of her husband in the Fight against Fascism Society ("Kampfgemeinschaft gegen den Faschismus" / KGF) set up during April/May 1945 by Adolf Ehlers and Hermann Wolters.[2]   Based in Bremen, the association had a membership of 6,500 by the end of May 1945.   Always intended as a left-wing movement, it was in effect a joint project of the Communist and SPD (parties).   However, by October 1945 it had become clear that for the communist members the KGF was in effect a device whereby the two parties might be merged and become a single left-wing party in Bremen and more broadly.   The goal of political unity on the left in order to block any risk of a National Socialist revival was an attractive one, but the terms on which the communists wanted to engineer it seemed to involve domination by the Communist elements, taking direction from Moscow.   The 1946 party merger in the Soviet zone and its brutally choreographed aftermath indicate that such fears were soundly based.   Meanwhile on Bremen, in December 1945, all concerned agreed to the dissolution of the KGF, just seven months after its creation.[9][10]  By 1947 much of the rubble had been cleared from the city, and following the departure of its communist members the "Bremer Arbeiterhilfswerk" decided to subsume itself into the national Workers' Welfare organisation ("Arbeiterwohlfahrt" / AWO.   After that change took effect, in 1948, Ella Ehlers continued to play an important part in the AWO, accepting the chairmanship of its Bremen branch in 1961.[1][4]  She was intimately involved in setting up the "Nachbarschaftshaus am Ohlenhof" (subsequently renamed "Nachbarschaftshaus Helene Kaisen") in Bremen-Gröpelingen.   Funded principally by a single large donation from the Unitarian Universalist Service Committee (and including a 150,000 Mark donation from the Henry Ford Foundation), and opened in 1952, it is described in sources as "Bremen's first [US-style] community centre".[4][11]   Gröpelingen was a central traditionally working class district of the city, particularly badly affected by the war.   The choice of Bremen for the generous donation from North America is attributed to the excellent US contacts that Adolf and Ella Ehlers had established and cultivated.[12]   It was a major project, on which Ella Ehlers worked closely with Helene Kaisen, wife of Bremen's first post-war mayor, and chairwoman of the association committee that was set up to administer the funding.[12]  The Gröpelingen Community Center was only the first in a succession of initiatives in which Ella Ehlers took a lead.   These included mother and child homes, day-care centres for the elderly, home-care provision for the sick, "meals on wheels" provision and local recreation centres for the elderly.   One of these, the Bremen-west social centre ("Sozialzentrum Bremer Westen"), inaugurated in December 1971, was renamed as the "Ella Ehlers centre" ("Ella-Ehlers-Haus") in 1991.[4]   It would appear that none of these later projects quite matched the Gröpelingen Community Center in terms of the sheer scale of the ambition and vision involved, but they continue, in most cases, to flourish, providing a lasting tribute to a woman whose name will always be associated with implementing practical solutions to identified welfare needs in Bremen.[4]  In 1961 Ella Ehlers took over the leadership of the Bremen AWO from her political comrade and friend Charlotte Niehaus, chairing the organisation's regional committee till 1970 and its committee for the entire state (of which she had become chairwoman in 1964) till 1980.   After that she continued to participate as honorary chairwoman almost till her death.[1][4]  Adolf Ehlers died on 20 May 1978.[7]   The marriage had been a good one and there are indications that Ella Ehlers never fully recovered from the loss.[1]  The lawyer-politician Henning Scherf was a political ally to Adolf and Elly Ehlers who between 1995 and 2005 served as 6th President of the Senate and Mayor of Berlin.   During the final part of Elly Ehlers' life he visited her a number of times.   In his 2013 book "Altersreise" (loosely, "The journey through old age" he provides a remarkably  clear summary of her life during those final weeks.[13]   She was in her mid-70s: she appeared fit and healthy, but was nevertheless becoming more withdrawn.   She would still attend executive committee meetings of the Bremen AWO (of which she remained honorary president) if she was asked to do so, but no longer turned up uninvited.   There were a few occasions on which Scherf himself persuaded her to accompany him to political events.   As a young ambitious senator he enjoyed the kudos to be gained by turning up with "an old lady with such a biography".   But on those occasions he was too preoccupied with her celebrity to notice that she was actually becoming more and more lonely.[13]  In the end Elly Ehlers hanged herself in her apartment.   She tied a rope round her neck, fixed the other end round a heating pipe, and then jumped off the end of the bath on the edge of which she had been standing.   There can be no certainty as to her motivation, but friends believe that the continuing grief over her husband's death seven years earlier and the knowledge that her eyesight was failing were both important factors.[1][13]    "Of course the children in the home were bought up to be critical:  What kind of a society was it, in which we were living?  Why had their fathers been shot, fallen in war, or ended up in jail?   Self-evidently we told the children that their imprisoned parents were sitting in prisons not as criminals, but because of an idea [that the post-war world could yet be made a better place]." "Natürlich wurden die Kinder im Heim kritisch erzogen: Was ist dies für eine Gesellschaft, in der ihr lebt, warum sind die Väter erschossen, gefallen oder im Gefängnis? Wir haben ihnen selbstverständlich gesagt, dass sie nicht als Verbrecher dort sitzen, sondern wegen einer Idee."[3] 1962 when Lufthansa's fastest and most modern airliner entered service, Ella Ehlers was honoured with the responsibility of "christening" it "Bremen" in a public ceremony at the airport.[1] 1978 Order of Merit ("Großes Verdienstkreuz")[14] 1980 Marie-Juchacz-Plakette award for service to workers' welfare from the  AWO.[4] 1991 The Ella-Ehlers-Haus, a community centre opened two decades earlier in Bremen-Gröpelingen, was renamed in her honour.[15]"
2002 Czech municipal elections;" Municipal elections were held in the Czech Republic on 1 and 2 November 1998. The Civic Democratic Party received the most votes, although the Christian and Democratic Union – Czechoslovak People's Party won more seats.[1]  This Czech elections-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Constitutional acts Charter of Fundamental Rights andBasic Freedoms President (list) Miloš Zeman Government Prime Minister  (list) Petr Fiala Senate Chamber of Deputies Constitutional Court Supreme Court Supreme Administrative Court High Courts Regional Courts District Courts Legislative: 20062010201320172021 Legislative: 2006 2010 2013 2017 2021 Senate: 20102012201420162018 Senate: 2010 2012 2014 2016 2018 European: 2009201420192024 European: 2009 2014 2019 2024 Presidential: 2003200820132018 Presidential: 2003 2008 2013 2018 Regions Districts Municipalities Czech Republic–Germany relations Czech Republic–France relations Czech Republic–United Kingdom relations Czech Republic–United States relations Czech Republic–China relations Czech Republic–Russia relations Politics of the European Union  Czech Republic portal Other countries v t e"
Beilu Yiyu;" The Beilu Yiyu (Chinese: 北虜譯語) also known as Yiyu is a Ming-era Mongol-Chinese dictionary.[1][2]    This article about a dictionary is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This article about a China-related book is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This Mongolia-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Langsdorffia;"   See text  Langsdorffia are a genus of flowering plants in the family Balanophoraceae, native to Central America, South America, Madagascar and New Guinea. They are parasites on the roots of other plants, with no chlorophyll or stomata of their own.[3][4][5]  Currently accepted species include:  Senftenbergia Klotzsch & H.Karst. Langsdorffia heterotepala L.J.T.Cardoso, R.J.V.Alves & J.M.A.Braga Langsdorffia hypogaea Mart. Langsdorffia malagasica (Fawc.) B.Hansen Langsdorffia papuana R.Geesink"
Nordic 40;"   The Nordic 40 is an American sailboat that was designed by Robert Perry as a racer-cruiser and first built in 1978.[1][2][3]  The design was built by Nordic Yachts in Bellingham, Washington, United States between 1978 and 1991, with 32 examples built. A luxury tax imposed in the US in 1991 caused the end of production and the shut-down of the company.[1][4][5]  Gary Nordvedt, the founder of Nordic Yachts established Norstar Yachts with his brother Steve, in Bellingham as a powerboat builder in 1994. He bought the old molds back and returned the Nordic 40 to production in 2009, although the company went out of business in 2017.[4][6]  The Nordic 40 is a recreational keelboat, built predominantly of single laminate fiberglass, with a balsa-cored deck and teak wood trim. It has a masthead sloop rig with painted aluminum spars, a raked stem, a reverse transom, a skeg-mounted rudder controlled by a wheel and a fixed fin keel. It displaces 18,000 lb (8,165 kg) and carries 7,091 lb (3,216 kg) of lead ballast.[1][3]  The boat has a draft of 6.50 ft (1.98 m) with the standard keel fitted.[1]  The boat is fitted with a Universal 44 hp (33 kW) diesel engine for docking and maneuvering. The fuel tank holds 55 U.S. gallons (210 L, 46 imp gal) and the fresh water tank has a capacity of 140 U.S. gallons (530 L, 120 imp gal).[1]  The Norstar production version varies only in fitting a fold-down transom designed by Gary Nordvedt, to allow easier boarding.[4][7]  The design has sleeping accommodation for six people. There is a bow cabin, with a "V"-berth, one straight and one "L"-settee berths in the main saloon along with a folding dinette table and an aft cabin with a double quarter berth under the cockpit. The "U"-shaped galley is located on the port side, at the foot of the companionway steps and includes a three-burner propane-fired stove, an oven and a 9 cu ft (0.25 m3) icebox. The propane tanks are stowed in the stern lazarette well. The large head is locate on the port side, aft of the bow cabin and includes a large, molded fiberglass shower stall with a seat.[3]  Ventilation is provided by hatches over the companionway, the main saloon and the bow cabin. There are also four Dorade boxes and six opening ports, in addition to two larger fixed ports.[3]  For sailing there are five internal halyards, plus an internal topping lift, reefing lines and a spinnaker pole lift. The boat has seven winches provided as standard equipment. These consist of two primary genoa winches, a genoa and a mainsail halyard winch, a mainsheet winch, a reefing winch and an outhaul winch. The genoa has an inboard-mounted sheeting track and there is a mainsheet traveler on the coach house roof. The shrouds are also inboard-mounted. An adjustable backstay for racing was a factory option.[3]  The design has a PHRF racing average handicap of 105.[3]  In a 1994 review Richard Sherwood wrote, "the Nordic shows many of the hull features that have become popular since the late sixties. The hull is fine forward, has a short underwater length, and flattens aft toward the skeg and the spade rudder. The keel is short, thin, and quite deep. Overhangs are short."[3]  Cruising World reviewer Gordon Meigs wrote, "my surveyor commented, 'When these were built, nobody in the United States was building a better boat.'"[8]  In reviewing the Norstar-built Nordic 40 in 2010, Alvah Simon noted, "Overall, I concur with the Nordvedt brothers. The boat that Bob Perry drew way back in the 1970s was a very good design then and is a very good design now. If one is looking for a still stylish, sprightly, and fully capable ocean cruiser, they needn't look much farther...."[4]  Related development  Similar sailboats  List of sailing boat types Nordic 44 Baltic 40 Bayfield 40 Bermuda 40 Bristol 39 Bristol 40 Cal 39 Cal 39 Mark II Cal 39 (Hunt/O'Day) Caliber 40 Corbin 39 Dickerson 41 Endeavour 40 Freedom 39 Freedom 39 PH Islander 40 Lord Nelson 41 Nautical 39"
Viola hirta;"   Viola hirta is a species of the plant genus Viola. It is also called the hairy violet.[1] As with the sweet violet, no fossil seeds of this species have been found. It is confined to the cold temperate zone, in Europe, north and west Asia, extending as far as northwest India. It is absent in Wales from Brecon and Radnor, Pembroke, Cardigan, Merioneth, and from Mid Lancs, and the Isle of Man, but elsewhere it is universal. In Scotland it does not occur in Roxburgh, Berwick, Haddington, Edinburgh, Fife, Forfar, Kincardine. From Forfar it ranges to the south of England, and is found at a height of 1000 ft. in Yorks. It occurs also in Ireland.  The hairy violet is found on dry banks, and in woods, preferring drier conditions. It may be found in damper areas in woods in low-lying situations. This species has a less wide range than sweet violet  (Viola odorata). Note it is considered by some sources to be the same species as Viola odorata.  The habit is prostrate like that of the sweet violet, which also has no erect stem, the leaves arising from the rootstock directly. The leaves are likewise heart-shaped, but in this case the stoles or trailing stems with buds are absent or very short, and the bracts are below the middle of the flower-stalk. Moreover, the whole plant is hairy, or roughly hairy, giving it a greyer, less green, appearance when dry.  This Violaceae article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Akinori Ichikawa;"   Akinori Ichikawa (市川 暉記, Ichikawa Akinori, born 19 October 1998) is a Japanese footballer currently playing for Yokohama FC.    This biographical article related to a Japanese association football goalkeeper is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
List of RPM number-one country singles of 1965;"   These are the Canadian number-one country songs of 1965, per the RPM Country Tracks chart.  1965 in music Read about RPM Magazine at the AV Trust Search RPM charts here at Library and Archives Canada v t e 1957 1958 1959 1960 1961 1962 1963 1964 (Jan-Jun) 1964 (Jun-Dec) 1965 1966 1967 1968 1969 1970 1971 1972 1973 1974 1975 1976 1977 1978 1979 1980 1981 1982 1983 1984 1985 1986 1987 1988 1989 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 1964 1965 1966 1967 1968 1969 1970 1971 1972 1973 1974 1975 1976 1977 1978 1979 1980 1981 1982 1983 1984 1985 1986 1987 1988 1989 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 1976 1978 1979 1988 1989 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 1995-2000 2004 2005 2006 2007 Most number ones on the RPM singles chart Canadian Hot 100 artists RPM Year-End"
Wallis S.1;" The Wallis S.1, sometimes known as Walis S-1 or Wallisa S-I, was a Polish glider designed to compete in the Second Polish Glider Contest, held in 1925 where it won two prizes.  Czarna Góra did not provide the wind speeds needed for the First Polish Glider Contest, held in 1923. The organizers of the Second Contest, held in 1925, chose Oksywie near Gdynia in the search for better winds but their hopes were not rewarded and the best flights of 1923 were not approached, though more flights were made and with fewer crashes. The Second Contest began on 17 May and ended on 14 June, though only fifteen of the twenty-seven contestants were flown. The S.1, designed by Józef Wallis, won the prize for best height gain and third prize for its total flying time.[1]  The S.1 was entered by the 3rd Air Regiment and was built in their workshops at Ławica airfield near Poznan.  Its wooden wing, mounted on top of the fuselage frame, was rectangular in plan apart from slightly blunted tips. It was built around twin spars, was fabric covered and braced with V-struts from the spars at about 25% span to the lower fuselage longeron. Narrow chord, half span ailerons extended to the tips.[1][2]  The fuselage, also wooden, was a simple, uncovered flat wooden frame with a horizontal upper longeron and a lower longeron which angled upwards to the tail. The longerons were cross-braced with several vertical members and further wire bracing. The lower longeron extended forward of the wing leading edge to carry the pilot's open seat, controls and also a landing skid. At the rear the fabric covered tailplane, a cropped rectangle in plan, was on the upper longeron and carried divided elevators cutaway to allow operation of the rudder, which extended down to the lower longeron.[1][2]  The S.1 was flown at the contest by Władysław Szulczewski. He won first prize for a best height gain of 25 m (82 ft) and third prize for a total flying time of 405 seconds, reached in eighteen flights.[1]  Data from Samolotypolskie[2] General characteristics  Crew: One Length: 6.4 m (21 ft 0 in) Wingspan: 12.0 m (39 ft 4 in) Height: 1.8 m (5 ft 11 in) Wing area: 17.6 m2 (189 sq ft) Aspect ratio: 8.2 Empty weight: 110 kg (243 lb) Gross weight: 170 kg (375 lb)"
Joseph Grossman;"   Joseph Grossman (10 October 1888 – 18 January 1949) was a pioneer of the British film industry, most famous as the charismatic Studio Manager of Elstree Studios. Born in Dartford, Kent, the son of Myer Grossman and Rosa Morris, who belonged to Jewish families originally from Germany and Poland, he was always known as "Joe" and was famous for his nervous twitches and his Cockney humour. Joe Grossman was a contemporary of Oscar Deutsch and Michael Balcon, both of whom lived near his grandparents in Birmingham. He is mentioned in Michael Balcon's autobiography.[1]  Joe Grossman worked his whole life in the entertainment industry, first appearing on stage aged 4 in his father's theatre in Brentford, Middlesex. Joe and his identical twin brother, William, performed as a double-act and toured (as 'The Filberts') with magicians and illusionists Nevil Maskelyne and David Devant until the outbreak of war in 1914. (William is said to have died as an indirect result of copying Harry Houdini's famous illusion featuring an escape from a tank of water.)  After serving with distinction in the Royal Army Medical Corps during The Great War, Joe Grossman entered the film industry in 1920, when Oswald Stoll gave him the post of Studio Manager at the Stoll Studios at Surbiton and, a year later, at the new Studios at Cricklewood. (Joe married Oswald Stoll's secretary, Esther Josephs, in 1922.) In 1927, John Maxwell, manager of British International Pictures (later Associated British Picture Corporation), offered him the Studio Manager job at Elstree, where he remained until his death.[2] During his time as studio manager at Elstree he was successful in  engaging the interest of the Royal Family in the work of the studios. Both the future Edward VIII and the future George VI made private visits, and King George V and Queen Mary paid an official visit in 1934.[3]  Joe Grossman worked with Alfred Hitchcock on his early films, including Blackmail, Britain's first talkie. Hitchcock's films Jamaica Inn (1939), St Martin’s Lane (1938) and Mimi (1935) were also made at Elstree during the period when Grossman was studio manager.[2] He is credited as screenwriter with The Guns of Loos (1928) and The Lady From the Sea (1929).[4]  Joe Grossman was a Commander of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem and won many awards for meritorious service to the Order of St. John, the Fire Brigade (he was chief of the Elstree Fire Brigade) and Royal National Life Boat Service. "
2012 New Mexico Stars season;" The 2012 New Mexico Stars season was the team's first season as a professional indoor football franchise and first in the Indoor Football League (IFL). One of sixteen teams competing in the IFL for the 2012 season, the Rio Rancho, New Mexico-based New Mexico Stars were members of the Intense Conference.  Under the leadership of owner/general manager Dart Clark and head coach Chris Williams, the team played their home games at the Santa Ana Star Center in Rio Rancho, New Mexico.  Key:    Win   Tie   Loss   Bye  All start times are local time  Running Backs  Wide Receivers  Defensive Linemen  Defensive Backs  Kickers  Exempt List  Refused to Report  Rookies in italics Roster updated June 16, 2012 20 Active, 0 Inactive  → More rosters  New Mexico Stars 2013 →  8 Arkelon Hall  12 Roger Linn  22 DonTrell Moore  10 Roland Bruno   3 Ryan Bugg  14 Tim Bush  11 Josh Floyd  55 Lucian Scott   7 Calvin France  67 Marvin Jones  90 Johnathan Rainey   4 Malcolm Tatum   1 Aleem Harris   9 Eric Henri  21 Seth Smith   6 Kasey Brown   1 Ammar Dyson  17 Terence Peete   2 DeAndre Wright  19 Zeke Arevalo  currently vacant currently vacant currently vacant view talk edit v t e Bloomington Edge Cedar Rapids Titans Chicago Slaughter Green Bay Blizzard Lehigh Valley Steelhawks Omaha Beef Reading Express Sioux Falls Storm Allen Wranglers Colorado Ice Everett Raptors Nebraska Danger New Mexico Stars Tri-Cities Fever Wichita Wild Wyoming Cavalry v t e Frisco Fighters Green Bay Blizzard Iowa Barnstormers Massachusetts Pirates Quad City Steamwheelers Sioux Falls Storm Tulsa Oilers Arizona Rattlers Bay Area Panthers Duke City Gladiators Northern Arizona Wranglers San Diego Strike Force Tucson Sugar Skulls Vegas Knight Hawks Bismarck Bucks Columbus Wild Dogs 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 United Bowl"
Oh Kwang-jin;" Oh Kwang-Jin (Korean: 오광진, born 4 June 1987) is a South Korean footballer who plays as midfielder for Daegu FC.[1]  He played for Ulsan Hyundai and Gyeongnam FC but made no appearances in the top division. He moved to Korea National League side Gimhae FC in 2012.  He signed with Suwon FC after a year and a half with Gimhae. Oh made his debut for Suwon in the league match against Police FC on 6 July.[2]    This biographical article related to a South Korean association football midfielder is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Les Salces;" Les Salces (French pronunciation: ​[le sals], Occitan: Las Salças) is a commune in the Lozère department in southern France.[3]    This Lozère geographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Communes of the Lozère department"
Gustav Rehn;"   Gustav Rehn (12 December 1914 – 18 March 1987) was a Norwegian footballer.[1] He played in nine matches for the Norway national football team from 1945 to 1947.[2]  This biographical article relating to Norwegian football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Neo Moroka;"   Neo Moroka is Chairman of De Beers Botswana. He formerly was a politician in Botswana, serving as Minister of Trade and Industry from 2004 to 2009.[citation needed]  Moroka earned degrees in ecology and was an agricultural advisor to Barclays Bank from 1984 to 1991. He subsequently worked as managing director at BP Botswana. He was elected to the National Assembly for the first time in the October 2004 general election from Kgalagadi South constituency[1] and represents the governing Botswana Democratic Party. Following the election, he was appointed as Minister of Trade and Industry on November 9, 2004.[2]    This article about a politician from Botswana is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
2022 Grand National;"   The 2022 Grand National (officially known as the 2022 Randox Grand National for sponsorship reasons) was the 174th annual running of the Grand National horse race. It took place on Saturday, 9 April 2022, at Aintree Racecourse in Liverpool, England.[1] The event was sponsored by Randox Health.[2]  The race was won by Noble Yeats, trained by Emmet Mullins and ridden by Sam Waley-Cohen, with final odds at 50/1.[3] Waley-Cohen became the first amateur jockey to win the Grand National since Marcus Armytage on Mr Frisk in 1990,[4] while Noble Yeats became the first seven year old to win the race since Bogskar in 1940.[5] The race was Waley-Cohen's last race before retirement.[6][7]  The 40 runners were finalised at 1pm on Friday 8 April. Three horses declared to run at Thursday's 48-hour declaration stage (Easysland, Lord Du Mesnil and Phoenix Way) were withdrawn before the Friday confirmation, with reserves Commodore, Romain De Seman and School Boy Hours taking their places and racecard numbers.[8]  (st–lb)  (st–lb)   Source [11]   Source [12]  Only 29 fences were jumped, what would normally have been fence 19 was bypassed, as medical staff were tending to a horse that had fallen on the first circuit.  "Any Second Now and Noble Yeats land over the last in the National. Noble Yeats on the far side for Sam Waley-Cohen, Any Second Now for Mark Walsh. The two of them race towards the elbow. As they race inside the final 150 yards, Noble Yeats, Sam Waley-Cohen on his last ride, trying to repel Any Second Now, and he eked out a length advantage! Noble Yeats on the run to the line for the Waley-Cohen's, Any Second Now, Delta Work and Santini, but up towards the line. What a way to go out! Sam Waley-Cohen and Noble Yeats for Emmet Mullins won the National!"  ITV lead commentator Richard Hoiles describes the climax of the race.[13]  As the Grand National is accorded the status of an event of national interest in the United Kingdom and is listed on the Ofcom Code on Sports and Other Listed and Designated Events, it must be shown on free-to-air terrestrial television in the UK. The race was broadcast live on TV by ITV for the fifth time, and the second year in its current three year deal with the British Horseracing Authority.[14]  The ITV coverage was presented by Ed Chamberlin and Francesca Cumani. Analysis was provided by former Grand National-winning jockeys Sir Anthony McCoy, Mick Fitzgerald and Ruby Walsh.[15] Reports were provided by Alice Plunkett, Luke Harvey and Matt Chapman, and betting updates were provided by Brian Gleeson. Oli Bell and Chris Hughes covered viewers' comments on social media. The commentary team was Mark Johnson, Ian Bartlett and Richard Hoiles, who called the finish for the fifth time. Following the race, Bell and Walsh guided viewers on a fence-by-fence re-run of the race.[15]  Discorama and Eclair Surf were euthanised following injuries sustained in the race. Discorama was euthanised after being pulled up with an injury before the 13th fence, the horse was reported as lame and on Saturday evening trainer Paul Nolan confirmed the horse had been euthanised. Eclair Surf suffered a "traumatic head injury" after falling at the third fence, it was treated on track and at Liverpool University before dying the following morning.[16][17][18]  Two other horses had died earlier at the meeting. Solwara One, who ran in the 1.45pm race on 8 April, was the first to be put down following an injury[19] before Elle Est Belle suffered a suspected heart attack, when finishing fourth in the Betway Mersey Novices' Hurdle on 9 April, before the main race.[20] "
List of chess games between Kasparov and Kramnik;"   Garry Kasparov and Vladimir Kramnik have played 49 classical chess games, of which Kramnik won five, Kasparov won four, with the remaining 40 games drawn. Thus the overall score favors Kramnik (+5−4=40). If blitz and rapid games are included (where time controls are much shorter than in classical games) the overall score favors Kasparov (+22−21=79). The first decisive classical game between the two players was at Linares in 1994, which Kramnik won at the age of just 18.  Kasparov achieved two wins before the title match against Kramnik's Sicilian Defence. Kramnik had success against Kasparov's King's Indian Defence. In the title match Kramnik dropped the Sicilian and successfully employed the Berlin defence of the Ruy Lopez. The score was 5–3 in favor for Kramnik after the match, but Kasparov narrowed the gap to 5–4 in Astana 2001.  All the decisive games were won by white except for a win by Kramnik in 1996. After the tournament in Astana the players met only in the Botvinnik Memorial match and in Linares 2003 and 2004. Kasparov retired from professional chess in 2005.  Chessbase Mega Database 2008. ChessBase. 2007. ISBN 978-3-86681-062-4."
Brexit 50p coin;"   The Brexit 50p coin is a commemorative 50p coin that was struck to mark the planned exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union ("Brexit") on 31 October 2019. The minting of the Brexit coin was ordered by Sajid Javid.[1] A total of 10 million Brexit coins, each stamped with the date 31 October 2019, were planned to be minted.[2][3] In late October 2019, with increasing doubts that Brexit would actually happen on that date, the minting of the coins was "paused".[4]  In late October 2019 it was announced that the coins would be recycled as the UK would not leave the EU on 31 October 2019.[5][6] A Treasury spokesman said that a coin to mark Brexit will still be produced but that it would enter circulation after the UK has left the EU.[5][6]  The coin is inscribed with a quote from Thomas Jefferson on it. This has proved controversial for non-Brexit-related reasons, such as the lack of an Oxford comma,[7] and because Jefferson owned slaves and fathered children with Sally Hemings, a woman enslaved to him, only freeing their children upon his death.[8][9]  In December 2019 a new Brexit 50p coin was announced after the Conservative Party victory in the general election.[10] Gold and silver versions of the coins were announced for collectors.[10] In January 2020 Downing Street announced that the coins would start entering circulation on 31 January 2020.[11]    This United Kingdom-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This coin-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Vernon Cook;" Vernon Floyd Cook (July 10, 1927 – November 23, 1987) is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives.[1] and former faculty member of the University of Akron Political Science Department.  Cook was the first Director of the Ray C. Bliss Institute of Applied Politics.[2]  He was a cousin of former U.S. Representative Robert E. Cook.  Cook was born in Kent, Ohio.  He left high school in 1944 to enlist in the United States Army Air Corps, and served as a cryptographer for the 231st AAF BU.  He was stationed in Alamogordo, New Mexico, England, and Germany as part of Operation Paperclip.  After his discharge from active duty, Cook served in the United States Army Reserve and obtained the rank of captain.  His reserve duties included teaching cryptographic and interrogation techniques at Fort George G. Meade.  He married Sharen Louise Mills from Fort Lauderdale, Florida.[3]  Cook graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree from Ohio State University in 1951.  He also attended Miami University and completed the classwork required for a doctorate, but never his dissertation.  He was posthumously awarded an honorary Ph.D. from the University of Akron in 1988.  Cook was an assistant professor of political science at Ohio Wesleyan University and Case Western Reserve University before becoming an associate professor at the University of Akron in 1965.  He continued in that position after being elected to public office, until his death in 1987.  Cook was first elected to the Ohio House of Representatives in 1972.  In 1979, he was made Assistant Majority Floor Leader.  He served on the Finance and Appropriations committee, the Ethics and Standards committee, the Rules committee and was chair of the Joint Committee on Agency Rule Review.[4]  In 1987, Cook was made the first director of the Ray C. Bliss Institute of Applied Politics at the University of Akron.  Although Cook had been Ray C. Bliss's choice,[5] Cook's appointment was controversial.[6]  Despite some partisan wrangling, Cook was eventually given the post.[7]  An internship named for Cook provides students with the practical experience in politics. "
Bronoszewice;" Bronoszewice [brɔnɔʂɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.[1]    Coordinates: 52°43′00″N 19°43′00″E﻿ / ﻿52.7167°N 19.7167°E﻿ / 52.7167, 19.7167    This Sierpc County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Duke MacIsaac;" Gary Jessome (born November 7, 1978) is a Canadian professional wrestler and trainer, best known by his ringname "The Canadian Widowmaker" Duke MacIsaac, who has competed primarily in the Maritimes-based All Canadian Wrestling, East Coast Pro Wrestling, Grand Prix Wrestling and Real Action Wrestling, but has also toured Great Britain and the United States.  A former student of "Kowboy" Mike Hughes, he was one of several Kardinal Sinner Wrestling School graduates to be featured in the Canadian television documentary series Wrestling Reality. The series not only covered his time on the road but also his performance as the 3rd annual Maritime Cup tournament where he wrestled in the main event to crown the first Wrestling Reality heavyweight champion. Jessome has also been an instructor in "boot camps" for the Kardinal Sinner wrestling school.  Gary Jessome was born in North Sydney, Nova Scotia on November 7, 1978. He was working in Moncton, New Brunswick when he met Kingman and was invited to train at his Kardinal Sinners Wrestling School with himself and co-owner "Kowboy" Mike Hughes. Having a lifelong interest in weightlifting and bodybuilding, Jessome accepted and they soon began traveling to the Johnstons River area in Prince Edward Island where he and Kingman worked out in a barn while Mike Hughes taught him ring psychology and technical ability. He suffered numerous injuries during his time at the Kardinal Sinners "boot camp" including a concussion, whiplash, bruised kidneys, heels and tail bone. By the time of his graduation in 2001, Jessome was considered one of their top students and was later brought back to the school as a part-time trainer.[1][2] Jessome has claimed that Kingman heavily influenced his career and wrestling style.[3]  He made his debut match in Hughes' Real Action Wrestling against fellow student and training partner Downtown Ray Brown[1] in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island on February 27, 2001. In April, Jessome joined one of the promotion's earliest Maritime tours which included Kingman, Mike Hughes, Larry Destiny, Bill Skullion, Notorious T.I.D., Rogue, Buddy Lane, Bobby Rude and Kurrgan. Joe E. Legend, Chi Chi Cruz and Wildman Austin also joined later on.[4] He would also have a series of matches against Buddy Lane in the next three months, most of which he lost, before scoring his first major victory against Corporal Chaos in Irishtown, New Brunswick on May 2. That same month, he faced Bill Skullion twice in two "hardcore matches" as well as losing another match to the Acadian Giant. He feuded with Massive Damage during the summer, also facing him in hardcore matches, as well as teaming with Eddie Watts to defeat Flesh Gordon & Custom Made Man in a tag team match in his hometown of North Sydney on August 12. Jessome would face both Custom Made Man and Watts in a singles matches during the next few weeks.[5] On August 20 in Cocagne, New Brunswick, MacIsaac fought and lost two matches in one night losing to Custom Made Man and Massive Damage. He would also lose to Chi Chi Cruz and Custom Made Man in singles matches several times over the next few weeks.[6]  Returning to Cocagne on September 3, Jessome again teamed with Eddie Watts but lost to Flesh Gordon & Massive Damage.[5] Two weeks later, he joined his rival Custom Made Man in a tag team match to defeat his former trainers Mike Hughes & Kingman in Sydney, Nova Scotia on September 16. A month later, a match between him and Flesh Gordon turned into a tag team match between him and Otto Bahn against Gordon & Buddy Lane. On October 20, he faced Custom Made Man in a "Scottish Pub match" in Halifax. He also wrestled Stephen Pettipas in Halifax on November 24, 2001, losing to him via disqualification.[6]  Jessome became close friends with several wrestlers while touring with RAW among these being Lincoln Steen who claimed he was a practical joker. He once joked during an interview about learning "a great deal of invaluable lessons while on the road with them, things like don't trust Duke MacIsaac with a sharpie if you pass out in Mike Hughes’ van."[7] In late-2001, Jessome injured his knee and remained out of action for several months. When RAW resumed operations early the following year, Jessome was one of the main stars to rejoin the promotion.  He made his return match defeating Cinder in Halifax on May 4, 2002. A week later in North Sydney, he and Chi Chi Cruz lost to Gary Williams & Eddie Watts.[5] Jessome won a number of single matches against Scott Savage, Aaron Idol and Johnny Wiseguy throughout the summer. One of these was a handicap match against Scott Savage & Trash Kanyon in Kentville, Nova Scotia held on June 5. He lost to Gary Williams in a "street fight" match in Louisdale three days later, and on several other occasions as well, but did score impressive victories over Mike Hughes, one of these occurred on the promotion's first television taping in Halifax on June 17.[8] Later on, he rescued valet Rachel Bulman from the abusive Johnny Wise Guy. Although he lost to Hughes in a rematch the following night in O'Leary, Prince Edward Island, Jessome also won a battle royal at the same event. He would also defeat Hughes in subsequent rematches during the next two days as well as picking up wins against Remington Steen and Vance Nevada before losing to Bobby Rude in a table match in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island on July 23.[6]  He would also feud with Johnny Wise Guy over Rachel defeating him in both singles and mixed tag team matches against Johnny Wise Guy & "Sweet" Sarah Stock including one at a Halifax television taping on July 29.[6] Shortly after this last appearance, the promotion closed down permanently. He made an appearance for Bobby Bass' All Canadian Wrestling defeating Flesh Gordon in Charlo, New Brunswick on August 23, 2002,[9] and remained in the Maritimes finding work in Grand Prix Wrestling and later East Coast Pro Wrestling. A contender for the ECPW Heavyweight Championship in 2003, he failed to become its first champion,[1] but eventually won the title from Kingman two years later.  On October 12, 2003, Jessome took part in the 1st annual Maritime Cup tournament at the Halifax Forum losing to Mike Hughes in the opening rounds. The event, which featured Bobby Roode, Lincoln Steen, Scott Savage, Gary Williams, Sonny Roselli and "The Future" Tony Armstrong, was a huge success and later released on VHS/DVD.[10][11] In 2004, Jessome was one of the instructors at the Kardinal Sinners "boot camp". He was later critical of the typical wrestling student which he characterized "as a mix [of] "It's cool to act tough guys" to "I'm great because my Mom tells me so".[1] He later helped promote Gary Williams' newly opened wrestling school in Halifax and said in one interview "If there is anything I could say about this school is that anyone who is seriously wanting to be trained should take action and reap the rewards of learning from a great Maritime legend".[1]  By the time of the 2nd annual Maritime Cup in Kentville, Nova Scotia, Jessome was considered the tournament favorite. There was a slight alteration to this version as it would be closed to wrestlers outside the Maritime provinces so as to showcase top talent in the region. Although the tournament's concept was created by Kingman and Trash Canyon, but Jessome and Gary Williams were also credited for helping with its development.[12] Earlier that year, they had met Sarah Dunsworth, star of the TV comedy Trailer Park Boys, at her Barrington Street store Junk and Foibles which was a popular spot for local wrestler to purchase costumes and similar items. They initially were interested in using Bubbles from Trailer Park Boys to make a guest appearance at their wrestling show in Moncton but eventually involved her as director in a new television documentary series entitled "Wrestling With Reality". The series would follow themselves around the Canadian independent circuit and the planned Maritime Cup. Dunsworth would also help finance and promote the show.[13]  Jessome defeated Vinny Glyde, Trash Canyon and Gary Williams advancing to the finals where he lost to Kingman. Sarah Dunsworth appeared in the corner of Trash Canyon during the tournament, but after he lost to Jessome in the second round, Canyon shoved her to the ground blaming Dunsworth for the loss. She was rescued by Jessome, who attacked Canyon, and remained with him for the rest of the tournament. His final match against Kingman was marred by the "heel turn" of Bobby Roode, then acting special guest referee, who hit Jessome with a steel chair then allowed Kingman to score the pinfall. The Maritime Cup was awarded to winner, as was the ECPW Heavyweight title, but Kingman instead smashed the cup on the round and walked off with his Kardinal Sinners stablemates.[14]  Jessome avenged his loss days later winning a battle royal to gain a match against Kingman and defeating him via disqualification. The next night in North Sydney, he defeated Kingman to win the ECPW Heavyweight Championship. He also took part in a three-day tour of Eastern Canada with Grand Prix Wrestling visiting Petit Rocher, New Brunswick, New Carlisle, Quebec and Borden, Prince Edward Island. Also featured were The Cuban Assassin, Gary Williams, Spiderman, Ryan Storm and Jeff Dupre.[15] On November 26, 2005 in Canning, Nova Scotia, Jessome appeared in the main event in a best 2 out of 3 falls match with Lincoln Steen against Brody Steele and Gary Williams. Buddy Lane was the special guest referee.[16]  The series finale took place at the 3rd annual Maritime Cup tournament at the Halifax Forum on June 2, 2006.[17] Although not featured in the tournament itself, Jessome took part in the semi-main event pitting he and Trash Canyon in a tag team elimination match against Gary Williams & Bobby Roode. Williams would go on to beat Roode to become the first "Wrestling With Reality" Heavyweight Champion.[13][18] The special referee was Buddy Lane.[19][20]  On August 18, 2006, the "Wrestling With Reality" tour returned to the Halifax Forum where Jessome wrestled Tony Armstrong to determine the number one contender to the heavyweight title.[21] Following a television taping during the tour, Jessome appeared with Kingman, Trash Canyon and others at an afterparty celebration at the Dresden Row nightclub, The Speakeasy, which also featured rock band Dogbite and performances by Pink Velvet Burlesque.[22]  In late 2006, Jessome joined Brody Steele, Chad Collyer and Gangrel and other Canadian wrestlers for a three-month tour of the United Kingdom with All Star Wrestling.[23] He was unable to rejoin the "Wrestling with Reality" tour when it resumed early the next year[24] and, shortly after returning to Canada, relocated to Vancouver, British Columbia.[25]  On May 26, 2007, he and Johnny Obsession lost to Mauler and Barry Goode at the Wrestling’s Hero’s and Villains supercard in Cloverdale, British Columbia.[26] Afterwards, he and several other wrestlers, including Monster Pro Wrestling's Heavy Metal, spent several hours at the Citrus bar.[27] On September 15, 2007, Jessome participated in a special fundraiser for the Special Olympics in Comox, British Columbia. At the event, he lost to Disco Fury but later went on to win the main event, a 15-man battle royal, to be awarded the Taco Del Mar-sponsored "Carlos Cup".[28][29] On September 25, he defended the ECPW Heavyweight Championship in a triple threat match against Bobby Roode and "Kowboy" Mike Hughes. Former World Wrestling Federation veteran Tito Santana also made an appearance at the event. Both Santana and himself were quoted by the Cape Breton Post voicing their criticism towards steroid abuse in professional wrestling. Jessome said "I've got size and technical abilities, plus I love to entertain a crowd, so I think that's enough for me. To put your health at risk just to do something like that, that's not acceptable."[25] After a two-year reign, he finally lost the ECPW Heavyweight Championship to Mike Hughes in North Sydney on September 30, 2007.[30]  East Coast Pro Wrestling ECPW Heavyweight Championship (1 time) ECPW Heavyweight Championship (1 time) Pro Wrestling United PWU Heavyweight Championship (1 time) PWU Heavyweight Championship (1 time)"
Wade Morissette;"   Wade Imre Morissette (born June 1, 1974) is a Canadian kirtan and indie pop-rock musician.  Wade Morissette was born on 1 June 1974 at Riverside Hospital of Ottawa in Ottawa, Ontario,[1] the son of Georgia Mary Ann Feuerstein, a Hungarian-born teacher, and Alan Richard Morissette, a high school principal of French and Irish descent. Wade is the twin brother of Alanis Morissette,[2] whom he names as "one of the biggest influences in my life",[3] they have an older brother, Chad.  Wade took to music at an early age, studying piano as a child and guitar and djembe in his teens.  During a trip to India, he encountered devotional yoga and chanting, and decided to combine his interests in yoga and music, to create his own blend of indie rock/pop music with Sanskrit and English chants.  In 2004, Wade was asked to be an ambassador for Lululemon, the popular yoga-inspired athletic apparel company. At the same time, he had self-released his debut album, Sargam Scales of Music. This turned into a world tour to promote both his album and the clothing line with the company signing on as a sponsor. The Lululemon Yoga Pilgrimage kicked off in 2005 and took Wade to Tokyo, Hong Kong and 32 cities in North America and continued on through early 2006 with stops in Thailand, Australia, New Zealand and Mexico.[4]  In late 2006, Nettwerk Music Group CEO and yoga enthusiast Terry McBride signed Wade to the label's Nutone Music division.[5]  Wade has since released his second and third albums, Strong as Diamonds: Om Vajra Kaya Namaha, in 2007 and Maha Moha – The Great Delusion in 2008.[4]  During live performances, Wade often begins with bliss dance and ends with a kirtan. Wade, on guitar and harmonium, sings out a phrase, the audience responds until the musicians and audience mesh.  Wade has been practising and teaching yoga since 1995. He has completed Iyengar, Classical Ashtanga and Ashtanga Vinyasa Yoga teacher training. He has studied Vinyasa, Viniyoga, Anusara and Kriya yoga, as well as zazen, Vedic chanting, and active movement and sound meditations with some of the best-known teachers in Canada, North America, and India. He is also a Reiki master, certified Phoenix Rising yoga therapist, and Viniyoga Therapist. He leads teacher trainings, workshops, retreats, and music-dance evenings internationally.  Wade has had features published in the Yoga Journal and Maclean's Magazine.  His work also includes the book Transformative Yoga: Five Keys to Unlocking Inner Bliss (2009),[6] which he co-authored with his twin Alanis Morissette.  He is also planning a series of motivational seminars.[7]  Kirtan indie rock pop-rock Musician yoga and reiki instructor therapist author Piano guitar harmonium djembe tabla vocals Sargam Scales of Music (2004) Strong as Diamonds: Om Vajra Kaya Namaha (2007) Maha Moha – The Great Delusion (2008) "Savasana Land" Together and Calling (2007)"
Towa no Quon;" Towa no Quon (Japanese: トワノクオン, Hepburn: Towa no Kuon, lit. "Eternal Quon", officially stylized in Japan as TOWANOQUON), is a 2011 Japanese animated supernatural film series consisting of six films and directed by Umanosuke Iida. The first film in the series was released in theaters on  June 18, 2011[2] and the last on November 26, 2011. The film series has been licensed by Sentai Filmworks in North America.[3]  In a futuristic Tokyo, unique human beings who have awakened distinct powers are being hunted by a secret organization named Custos. Known as "Attractors", these exceptional humans are joining forces to defend themselves. They are led by a boy named Quon, an idealist who is determined to save all the Attractors he can.  The Ephemeral Petal (泡沫の花弁, Utakata no Kaben): 18 June 2011 Dancing Orchid in Chaos (混沌の蘭舞, Konton no Ranbu): 16 July 2011 The Complicity of Dreams (夢幻の連座, Mugen no Renza): 13 August 2011 The Roaring Anxiety (紅蓮の焦心, Guren no Shōshin): 10 September 2011 The Return of the Invincible (双絶の来復, Sōzetsu no Raifuku): 5 November 2011 Eternal Quon (永久の久遠, Towa no Kuon): 26 November 2011 Japanese films of 2011"
Kızılcapınar, Bozüyük;" Kızılcapınar is a village in the District of Bozüyük, Bilecik Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of  74 people.[1]  Coordinates: 39°53′02″N 29°56′33″E﻿ / ﻿39.8840°N 29.9426°E﻿ / 39.8840, 29.9426  This geographical article about a location in Bilecik Province, Turkey is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
School Gyrls;" The School Gyrls (briefly known as Forever) were an American girl group formed in 2008. They were signed to Nick Cannon's NCredible Entertainment. The group starred in an eponymous movie that premiered on Nickelodeon on February 21, 2010.[1] The group's self-titled debut album was released on March 23, 2010. The album peaked at number 118 on the Billboard 200 albums chart, and was preceded by the singles "Something Like a Party" and "Get Like Me". After the commercial success of their film and their single "Something Like A Party", the group released another movie called "A Very School Gyrls Holla-Day", which was followed with a second studio album of the same name. Shortly after this, two of the group's original members Mandy Rain and Jacque Pyles, decided to leave to pursue respective solo careers. They were replaced by Brittany Oaks and Natalie Aguero.  After all the line up changes, the group had decided to change their name to "Forever" (stylized as FOREVER) to reflect members' more mature appearance. After the name change, remaining members Rae Bello, Sade Austin, and Monica Parales left as well, whereafter the group disbanded.  Nick Cannon was first introduced to Mandy Rain on the set of his reality show Star Camp, where she was the youngest member of the Star Camp group "The Giggle Club". After Star Camp wrapped, Cannon considered a solo career for Mandy, but decided instead to use her as the nucleus of a girl group, he also formulated a movie concept about three private school girls who meet in detention, based on "Detention", a song Mandy had already recorded which later appeared on their debut album.[2]  Cannon brought in Monica Anne Parales, who had auditioned for "The Giggle Club", but she wound up working on the "Jam-X Kids" project instead. Jasmine Villegas was the original third member of the group, but she left early on to pursue a solo career. After Jasmine's departure, Jacque Rae Pyles was chosen and added to the group.  The School Gyrls made their television debut with Nick Cannon on the season finale of E! television series Party Monsters Cabo in January 2009. The group's first CD was released under the Island Def Jam imprint. They opened for Korean-pop acts the Wonder Girls and 2PM at the House of Blues in West Hollywood, California, on June 11, 2010.  The film, also called School Gyrls, written and directed by Cannon, premiered in February 2010.[3] It centers around three teen girls and their lives in high school, and features cameos from Reverend Run, Vanessa Simmons, Justin Bieber, Kristinia DeBarge, Soulja Boy, Mathias Anderle, Diggy Simmons, and others.  A Very School Gyrls Holla-Day premiered on Nickelodeon on December 4, 2010. A couple of weeks ahead of filming the holiday movie, Cannon announced he was adding two new girls to the group, (then) 15-year-old Sade Austin, and 18-year-old Lauren Chavez were chosen to be in the group. They also recorded a new Christmas album, A Very School Gyrls Holla Day, released in December, and a single, "Going to the Mall".  Shortly after the second movie release, Mandy Rain and Jacque Pyles decided to leave the School Gyrls to pursue solo careers. After their departure In 2011, Natalie Aguero and Brittany Oaks were added to the group to replace them. The first appearance with the two new members was at Kids Choice Awards 2011. But shortly after starting a new song with the group, Oaks left the group to pursue a career in a girl group named DollFace with her older sister Breanne Oaks.  After hearing about Briana "Rae" Bello from close friends of her she was brought into the studio and she was added to the group. The world was first introduced to Rae on September 9, 2011, when the Gyrls performed at Crenshaw Plaza, performing their new song, "Pump Ya Breaks", for the back-to-school bash in L.A.  In late 2011, the School Gyrls announced that they were coming out in a third  movie called The Wonder Girls starring the Korean pop girl group Wonder Girls on February 2, 2012 the movie premiered on TeenNick with their song "The DJ is Mine" featuring the School Gyrls. In late 2012 the girls were interviewed at the "Beyond the Bells" event and the Gyrls confirmed that their third album will be released sometime in late 2012 or 2013. The album was planned to contain songs "The Power Goes Out" and "We Just Got It All" which were featured in the 2012 movie.  On July 20, 2012, after the Gyrls performance at Knotts Berry Farm Amusement Park, the group's Twitter account announced that the group would have the new name FOREVER to reflect their advancing age.[4] Member Rae publicly left the group for a solo career, leaving only four members: Natalie, Monica, Lauren, and Sade.  Unsurprisingly, on September 5, 2012, Sade announced that she too was abandoning the failing venture, stating that she wished the remaining "Gyrls" well. Only four days earlier, the group had shot their first music video as FOREVER, for their single "Can't Stop This Night." Awkwardly, Sade thus appears in that video with management hastily retitling the artist card for the video as "Forever featuring Sade." By November 14, Monica had also had her fill and announced that she was quitting the group, which left the group without a critical mass of talent and no other option but to disband permanently.  Pop teen-pop Teen Island N'Credible Mandy Rain – vocals Monica Parales – vocals Jacque Pyles – vocals, raps Natalie Aguero – vocals Lauren Chavez – vocals Brittany Oaks – vocals Sade Austin – vocals, raps Rae Bello – vocals Jasmine Villegas - vocals Brittany Oaks is excluded from the timeline because she was only briefly part of the group. School Gyrls (2010) A Very School Gyrls Holla-Day (2010) School Gyrls (2010) A Very School Gyrls Holla-Day (2010) The Wonder Girls (2012)"
Enaptin;" 4DXR 23345 64009 ENSG00000131018 ENSMUSG00000096054 Q8NF91 Q6ZWR6 NM_182961NM_001347701NM_001347702 NM_001079686NM_022027NM_153399NM_001347711NM_001347732 NP_001334630NP_001334631NP_149062NP_892006 NP_001073154NP_001334640NP_001334661NP_071310NP_700448 Enaptin also known as nesprin-1 or synaptic nuclear envelope protein 1 (syne-1) is an actin-binding protein that in humans that is encoded by the SYNE1 gene.[5]  This gene encodes a spectrin repeat containing protein expressed in skeletal and smooth muscle, and peripheral blood lymphocytes, that localizes to the nuclear membrane.[5]  Enaptin is a nuclear envelope protein found in human myocytes and synapses, which is made up of 8,797 amino acids. Enaptin is involved in the maintenance of nuclear organization and structural integrity, tethering the cell nucleus to the cytoskeleton by interacting with the nuclear envelope and with F-actin in the cytoplasm.  Enaptin contains a coiled alpha-helical region and a large beta-sheet region in the upper part and at least four alpha-helices spliced together, indicating the similarity with collagen. The protein is made up of three main parts, as can be seen in the diagram:  cytoplasmic (1-8746), anchor for type IV membrane protein (8747-8767), and the sequence for perinuclear space (8768-8797).  The region in the perinuclear space contains a KASH domain.  The molecular weight of the mature protein is approximately 1,011 kDa, and it has a theoretical pI of 5.38.[6]  The protein's chemical formula is C44189H71252N12428O14007S321.  It has a theoretical Instability Index (II) of 51.63, indicating that it would be unstable in a test tube.  The protein's in vivo half-life, the time it takes for half of the amount of protein in a cell to disappear after its synthesis in the cell, is predicted to be approximately 30 hours (in mammalian reticulocytes).[7]  Mutations in this gene have been associated with autosomal recessive spinocerebellar ataxia 8, also referred to as autosomal recessive cerebellar ataxia type 1 or recessive ataxia of Beauce.[5]   This article incorporates text from the United States National Library of Medicine, which is in the public domain.  cerebellar hemisphere Achilles tendon nucleus accumbens sural nerve right lung middle temporal gyrus caudate nucleus ascending aorta right uterine tube pituitary gland cerebellar cortex cerebellar vermis habenula Region I of hippocampus proper superior frontal gyrus dentate gyrus olfactory tubercle piriform cortex subiculum primary motor cortex actin filament binding protein binding identical protein binding actin binding lamin binding protein homodimerization activity enzyme binding RNA binding cytoplasm integral component of membrane postsynaptic membrane Golgi apparatus nuclear membrane nuclear envelope membrane sarcomere nucleoplasm meiotic nuclear membrane microtubule tethering complex nuclear outer membrane cytoskeleton nucleus P-body nucleolus nuclear matrix anchoring at nuclear membrane Golgi organization nucleus organization muscle cell differentiation spermatogenesis cell differentiation"
Jimbilum Community;"   Jimbilum is a small Aboriginal community, located proximate to Kununurra in the Kimberley region of Western Australia, within the Shire of Wyndham-East Kimberley.  The Miriuwung Gajerrong people are signatories to the Ord Final Agreement, a broad package of measures which implements a platform for future partnerships between the Miriuwung Gajerrong people, WA State Government, industry and developers for the benefit of the wider community and the East Kimberley region.  At a broader governance level, Yawoorroong Miriuwung Gajerrong Yirrgeb Noong Dawang Aboriginal Corporation (MG Corp) acts in trust on behalf of all MG native title holders to ensure compliance with its obligations under the Ord Final Agreement including those relating to community living areas.  MG Corp was incorporated under the Corporations (Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander) Act 2006 in 2006 and its constitution was subsequently amended in 2008.  Although membership to MG Corp is limited to native title holders, MG Corp is not a native title prescribed body corporate. However MG Corp has the authority to assist MG peoples in relation to planning, management and use of traditional lands.  Jimbilum Layout Plan No.1 has been prepared in accordance with State Planning Policy 3.2 Aboriginal Settlements. Layout Plan No.1 was endorsed by the community on 17 January 2011 and the Western Australian Planning Commission on 29 September 2010. The Layout Plan map-set and background report can be viewed at Planning Western Australia's website.[1] "
Ektor Doukas;" Ektor Doukas (or Hector Doukas, Greek: Έκτωρ Δούκας, 1885–1969) was a Greek painter, a member of the Munich School, whose style combined academic elements with impressionism and expressionism.  Ektor Doukas was born in Smyrna in 1885.[1] He went to Munich in 1907 and studied painting at the Munich Academy under Ludwig von Löfftz. In 1913 he was awarded an honorary distinction. He then moved to Paris, where he studied at the Académie Julian.[2] He also studied in Venice.[3] At the age of 32 he moved to Munich.[4] He eventually returned to Greece, and died in Athens in 1969.[2]  He began to exhibit in Greece while still a student in Munich. As well as solo exhibitions he exhibited at the Venice Biennale in 1934 and the Panhellenic Exhibitions in 1948, 1952, 1963 and 1967.[2] His Portrait of Amalia (Lily) Arlioti (1927) is held by the National Gallery of Greece.[1] His well-known painting of women carrying ammunition in Pindos during the War of 1940 is held by the National Historical Museum, Athens.[5]  Doukas's style was distinctive, combining academic elements with impressionism and expressionism.[2] His works depicted Greek pastoral realism and genre scenes.[3] His work included portraits, still lifes, landscapes and seascapes. He said that he avoided anything that resembled a cut-and-paste from nature, but wanted his work to be understandable without any explanation, or even any title. He won particular attention for his portraits of the Duchess of Mecklenburg and Princess Amélie Louise of Arenberg.[4] "
Thomas Frake;" Thomas Frake is a British cook and winner of the MasterChef 2020 UK TV show competition.[1][2]  Frake (born 1987) was raised in Dartford, Kent. He began cooking at the age of seven and was influenced by his mother and both of his grandmothers. He attended Dartford Grammar School before taking a Broadcast Production degree at the University of Sussex graduating in 2008.[3] [4]  His final menu was to prepare a three-course meal for judges John Torode and Gregg Wallace. Frake's winning menu consisted of:[5]  First course: Monk fish Scampi - Monk fish tails in a beer batter, flavoured with smoked Paprika and Cayenne pepper, pickled Fennel, gherkins and onions and Tartare sauce topped with Tarragon Main course: Ox cheek braised in black treacle, bone marrow and Porter with crispy onions, shredded Brussels sprouts with bacon, carrots cooked in carrot juice and topped with onion seeds and Horseradish mash all served in the Ox cheek braising juices Dessert: Salted caramel custard tart, topped with grated Nutmeg, caramel and orange zest popcorn and a popcorn ice cream."
Miguel Torruco;" Miguel Torruco (1920–1956) was a Mexican film actor.[1] He was one of the stars of the Golden Age of Mexican cinema until his sudden death at the age of thirty six after falling off a horse. He was married to the actress María Elena Marqués.    This Mexican biographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Acapulco (1952) Remember to Live (1953) The River and Death (1954) When I Leave (1954)"
Smallpox vaccine;"   The smallpox vaccine is the first vaccine to be developed against a contagious disease. In 1796, the British doctor Edward Jenner demonstrated that an infection with the relatively mild cowpox virus conferred immunity against the deadly smallpox virus. Cowpox served as a natural vaccine until the modern smallpox vaccine emerged in the 20th century. From 1958 to 1977, the World Health Organization (WHO) conducted a global vaccination campaign that eradicated smallpox, making it the only human disease to be eradicated. Although routine smallpox vaccination is no longer performed on the general public, the vaccine is still being produced to guard against bioterrorism, biological warfare, and monkeypox.[8][9]  The term vaccine derives from the Latin word for cow, reflecting the origins of smallpox vaccination. Edward Jenner referred to cowpox as variolae vaccinae (smallpox of the cow). The origins of the smallpox vaccine became murky over time,[10] especially after Louis Pasteur developed laboratory techniques for creating vaccines in the 19th century. Allan Watt Downie demonstrated in 1939 that the modern smallpox vaccine was serologically distinct from cowpox,[11] and vaccinia was subsequently recognized as a separate viral species. Whole-genome sequencing has revealed that vaccinia is most closely related to horsepox, and the cowpox strains found in Great Britain are the least closely related to vaccinia.[12]  As the oldest vaccine, the smallpox vaccine has gone through several generations of medical technology. From 1796 to the 1880s, the vaccine was transmitted from one person to another through arm-to-arm vaccination. Smallpox vaccine was successfully maintained in cattle starting in the 1840s, and calf lymph vaccine became the leading smallpox vaccine in the 1880s. First-generation vaccines grown on the skin of live animals were widely distributed in the 1950s–1970s to eradicate smallpox. Second-generation vaccines were grown in chorioallantoic membrane or cell cultures for greater purity, and they were used in some areas during the smallpox eradication campaign. Third-generation vaccines are based on attenuated strains of vaccinia and saw limited use prior to the eradication of smallpox.[13]  All three generations of vaccine are available in stockpiles. First and second-generation vaccines contain live unattenuated vaccinia virus and can cause serious side effects in a small percentage of recipients, including death in 1–10 people per million vaccinations. Third-generation vaccines are much safer due to the milder side effects of the attenuated vaccinia strains.[13] Second and third-generation vaccines are still being produced, with manufacturing capacity being built up in the 2000s due to fears of bioterrorism and biological warfare.  The first-generation vaccines are manufactured by growing live vaccinia virus in the skin of live animals. Most first-generation vaccines are calf lymph vaccines that were grown on the skin of cows, but other animals were also used, including sheep.[13] The development of freeze-dried vaccine in the 1950s made it possible to preserve vaccinia virus for long periods of time without refrigeration, leading to the availability of freeze-dried vaccines such as Dryvax.[14][15]: 115   The vaccine is administered by multiple puncture of the skin (scarification) with a bifurcated needle that holds vaccine solution in the fork.[16] The skin should be cleaned with water rather than alcohol,[16] as the alcohol could inactivate the vaccinia virus.[15]: 292 [17] If alcohol is used, it must be allowed to evaporate completely before the vaccine is administered.[15]: 292  Vaccination results in a skin lesion that fills with pus and eventually crusts over. This manifestation of localized vaccinia infection is known as a vaccine "take" and demonstrates immunity to smallpox. After 2–3 weeks, the scab will fall off and leave behind a vaccine scar.[18]  First generation vaccines consist of live, unattenuated vaccinia virus. One-third of first-time vaccinees develop side effects significant enough to miss school, work, or other activities, or have difficulty sleeping. 15–20% of children receiving the vaccine for the first time develop fevers of over 102 °F (39 °C). The vaccinia lesion can transmit the virus to other people.[18] Rare side effects include postvaccinal encephalitis and myopericarditis.[18][19] Many countries have stockpiled first generation smallpox vaccines. In a 2006 predictive analysis of casualties if there were a mass vaccination of the populations of Germany and the Netherlands, it was estimated that a total of 9.8 people in the Netherlands and 46.2 people in Germany would die from uncontrolled vaccinia infection after being vaccinated with the New York City Board of Health strain. More deaths were predicted for vaccines based other strains: Lister (55.1 Netherlands, 268.5 Germany) and Bern (303.5 Netherlands, 1,381 Germany).[20][21]  The second-generation vaccines consist of live vaccinia virus grown in the chorioallantoic membrane or cell culture. The second-generation vaccines are also administered through scarification with a bifurcated needle, and they carry the same side effects as the first-generation vaccinia strain that was cloned. However, the use of eggs or cell culture allows for vaccine production in a sterile environment, while first-generation vaccine contains skin bacteria from the animal that the vaccine was grown on.[13]  Ernest William Goodpasture, Alice Miles Woodruff, and G. John Buddingh grew vaccinia virus on the chorioallantoic membrane of chicken embryos in 1932.[22] The Texas Department of Health began producing egg-based vaccine in 1939 and started using it in vaccination campaigns in 1948.[15]: 588  Lederle Laboratories began selling its Avianized smallpox vaccine in the United States in 1959.[23] Egg-based vaccine was also used widely in Brazil, New Zealand, and Sweden, and on a smaller scale in many other countries. Concerns about temperature stability and avian sarcoma leukosis virus prevented it from being used more widely during the eradication campaign, although no increase in leukemia was seen in Brazil and Sweden despite the presence of ASLV in the chickens.[15]: 588   Vaccinia was first grown in cell culture in 1931 by Thomas Milton Rivers. The WHO funded work in the 1960s at the Dutch National Institute for Public Health and the Environment (RVIM) on growing the Lister/Elstree strain in rabbit kidney cells and tested it in 45,443 Indonesian children in 1973, with comparable results to the same strain of calf lymph vaccine.[15]: 588–589  Two other cell culture vaccines were developed from the Lister strain in the 2000s: Elstree-BN (Bavarian Nordic) and VV Lister CEP (Chicken Embryo Primary, Sanofi Pasteur).[13][24][25] Lister/Elstree-RVIM was stockpiled in the Netherlands, and Elstree-BN was sold to some European countries for stockpiles.[13] However, Sanofi dropped its own vaccine after it acquired Acambis in 2008.  ACAM2000 is a vaccine developed by Acambis, which was acquired by Sanofi Pasteur in 2008, before selling the smallpox vaccine to Emergent Biosolutions in 2017. Six strains of vaccinia were isolated from 3,000 doses of Dryvax and found to exhibit significant variation in virulence. The strain with the most similar virulence to the overall Dryvax mixture was selected and grown in MRC-5 cells to make the ACAM1000 vaccine. After a successful Phase I trial of ACAM1000, the virus was passaged three times in Vero cells to develop ACAM2000, which entered mass production at Baxter. The United States ordered over 200 million doses of ACAM2000 in 1999–2001 for its stockpile, and production is ongoing to replace expired vaccine.[26][27]  The third-generation vaccines are based on attenuated vaccinia viruses that are much less virulent and carry lesser side effects. The attenuated viruses may be replicating or non-replicating.[13]  Modified vaccinia Ankara (MVA, German: Modifiziertes Vakziniavirus Ankara) is a replication-incompetent variant of vaccinia that was developed in West Germany through serial passage. The original Ankara strain of vaccinia was maintained at the vaccine institute in Ankara, Turkey on donkeys and cows. The Ankara strain was taken to West Germany in 1953, where Herrlich and Mayr grew it on chorioallantoic membrane at the University of Munich. After 572 serial passages, the vaccinia virus had lost over 14% of its genome and could no longer replicate in human cells. MVA was used in West Germany in 1977–1980, but the eradication of smallpox ended the vaccination campaign after only 120,000 doses.[28]  MVA stimulates the production of fewer antibodies than replicating vaccines.[29] During the smallpox eradication campaign, MVA was considered to be a pre-vaccine that would be administered before a replicating vaccine to reduce the side effects, or an alternative vaccine that could be safely given to people at high risk from a replicating vaccine.[15]: 585  Japan evaluated MVA and rejected it due to its low immunogenicity, deciding to develop its own attenuated vaccine instead.[30] In the 2000s, MVA was tested in animal models at much higher dosages.[31] When MVA is given to monkeys at 40 times the dosage of Dryvax, it stimulates a more rapid immune response while still causing lesser side effects.[32]    MVA-BN (also known as: Imvanex in the European Union, Imvamune in Canada, and Jynneos[33][34]) is a vaccine manufactured by Bavarian Nordic by growing MVA in cell culture. Unlike replicating vaccines, MVA-BN is administered by injection via the subcutaneous route and does not result in a vaccine "take."[35] It can also be administered intradermally to increase the number of available doses.[36] It is safer for immunocompromised patients and those who are at risk from a vaccinia infection. MVA-BN has been approved in the European Union,[7] Canada,[37][38][39] and the United States.[40][41] Clinical trials have found that MVA-BN is safer and just as immunogenic as ACAM2000.[42][43][44]  LC16m8 is a replicating attenuated strain of vaccinia that is manufactured by Kaketsuken in Japan. Working at the Chiba Serum Institute in Japan, So Hashizume passaged the Lister strain 45 times in primary rabbit kidney cells, interrupting the process after passages 36, 42, and 45 to grow clones on chorioallantoic membrane and select for pock size. The resulting variant was designated LC16m8 (Lister clone 16, medium pocks, clone 8). Unlike the severely-damaged MVA, LC16m8 contains every gene that is present in the ancestral vaccinia. However, a single-nucleotide deletion truncates membrane protein B5R from a residue length of 317 to 92. Although the truncated protein decreases production of extracellular enveloped virus, animal models have shown that antibodies against other membrane proteins are sufficient for immunity. LC16m8 was approved in Japan in 1975 after testing in over 50,000 children. Vaccination with LC16m8 results in a vaccine "take," but safety is similar to MVA.[30]  Vaccinia is infectious, which improves its effectiveness, but causes serious complications for people with impaired immune systems (for example chemotherapy and AIDS patients) or history of eczema, and is not considered safe for pregnant women.[45] A woman planning on conceiving should not receive smallpox immunization. Vaccines that only contain attenuated vaccinia viruses (an attenuated virus is one in which the pathogenicity has been decreased through serial passage) have been proposed, but some researchers[who?] have questioned the possible effectiveness of such a vaccine. According to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), "within 3 days of being exposed to the virus, the vaccine might protect you from getting the disease. If you still get the disease, you might get much less sick than an unvaccinated person would. Within 4 to 7 days of being exposed to the virus, the vaccine likely gives you some protection from the disease. If you still get the disease, you might not get as sick as an unvaccinated person would."[46]  In May 2007, the Vaccines and Related Biological Products Advisory Committee (VRBPAC) of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) voted unanimously that a new live virus vaccine produced by Acambis, ACAM2000, is both safe and effective for use in persons at high risk of exposure to smallpox virus. However, due to the high rate of serious adverse effects, the vaccine will only be made available to the CDC for the Strategic National Stockpile.[47]  Since smallpox has been eradicated, the public is not routinely vaccinated against the disease. The World Health Organization maintained a stockpile of 200 million doses in 1980, to guard against reemergence of the disease, but 99% of the stockpile was destroyed in the late 1980s when smallpox failed to return.[13] After the September 11 attacks in 2001, many governments began building up vaccine stockpiles again for fear of bioterrorism. Several companies sold off their stockpiles of vaccines manufactured in the 1970s, and production of smallpox vaccines resumed.[48] Aventis Pasteur discovered a stockpile from the 1950s and donated it to the U.S. government.[49]  Stockpiles of newer vaccines must be repurchased periodically since they carry expiration dates. The United States had received 269 million doses of ACAM2000 and 28 million doses of MVA-BN by 2019,[50][51] but only 100 million doses of ACAM2000 and 65,000 doses of MVA-BN were still available from the stockpile at the start of the 2022 monkeypox outbreak.[52] First-generation vaccines have no specified expiration date and remain viable indefinitely in deep freeze. The U.S. stockpile of WetVax was manufactured in 1956–1957 and maintained since then at −4 °F (−20 °C),[53] and it was still effective when tested in 2004.[54] Replicating vaccines also remain effective even at 1:10 dilution, so a limited number of doses can be stretched to cover a much larger population.[54]  The mortality of the severe form of smallpox – variola major – was very high without vaccination, up to 35% in some outbreaks.[61] A method of inducing immunity known as inoculation, insufflation or "variolation" was practiced before the development of a modern vaccine and likely occurred in Africa and China well before the practice arrived in Europe.[62] It may also have occurred in India, but this is disputed, other investigators contend the ancient Sanskrit medical texts of India do not describe these techniques.[62][63] The first clear reference to smallpox inoculation was made by the Chinese author Wan Quan (1499–1582) in his Douzhen xinfa (痘疹心法) published in 1549.[64] Inoculation for smallpox does not appear to have been widespread in China until the reign era of the Longqing Emperor (r. 1567–1572) during the Ming Dynasty.[65] In China, powdered smallpox scabs were blown up the noses of the healthy. The patients would then develop a mild case of the disease and from then on were immune to it. The technique did have a 0.5–2.0% mortality rate, but that was considerably less than the 20–30% mortality rate of the disease itself. Two reports on the Chinese practice of inoculation were received by the Royal Society in London in 1700, one by Dr. Martin Lister who received a report by an employee of the East India Company stationed in China and another by Clopton Havers.[66] According to Voltaire (1742), the Turks derived their use of inoculation from neighbouring Circassia. Voltaire does not speculate on where the Circassians derived their technique from, though he reports that the Chinese have practiced it "these hundred years".[67]  Variolation was also practiced throughout the latter half of the 17th century by physicians in Turkey, Persia, and Africa. In 1714 and 1716, two reports of the Ottoman Empire Turkish method of inoculation were made to the Royal Society in England, by Emmanuel Timoni, a doctor affiliated with the British Embassy in Constantinople,[68] and Giacomo Pylarini. Source material tells us on Lady Mary Wortley Montagu, "When Lady Mary was in the Ottoman Empire, she discovered the local practice of inoculation against smallpox called variolation."[69] In 1718 she had her son, aged five variolated. He recovered quickly. She returned to London and had her daughter variolated in 1721 by Charles Maitland, during an epidemic of smallpox. This encouraged the British Royal Family to take an interest and a trial of variolation was carried out on prisoners in Newgate Prison. This was successful and in 1722 Caroline of Ansbach, the Princess of Wales, allowed Maitland to vaccinate her children.[70] The success of these variolations assured the British people that the procedure was safe.[68]  ...scarred the wrists, legs, and forehead of the patient, placed a fresh and kindly pock in each incision and bound it there for eight or ten days, after this time the patient was credibly informed. The patient would then develop a mild case [of smallpox], recover, and thereafter be immune.[71]  —Dr. Peter Kennedy  Stimulated by a severe epidemic, variolation was first employed in North America in 1721. The procedure had been known in Boston since 1706, when preacher Cotton Mather learned it from Onesimus, a man he held as a slave, who – like many of his peers – had been inoculated in Africa before they were kidnapped.[72] This practice was widely criticized at first.[73] However, a limited trial showed six deaths occurred out of 244 who were variolated (2.5%), while 844 out of 5980 died of natural disease (14%), and the process was widely adopted throughout the colonies.[15]  The inoculation technique was documented as having a mortality rate of only one in a thousand. Two years after Kennedy's description appeared, March 1718, Dr. Charles Maitland successfully inoculated the five-year-old son of the British ambassador to the Turkish court under orders from the ambassador's wife Lady Mary Wortley Montagu, who four years later introduced the practice to England.[74]  An account from letter by Lady Mary Wortley Montagu to Sarah Chiswell, dated 1 April 1717, from the Turkish Embassy describes this treatment:  The small-pox so fatal and so general amongst us is here entirely harmless by the invention of ingrafting (which is the term they give it). There is a set of old women who make it their business to perform the operation. Every autumn in the month of September, when the great heat is abated, people send to one another to know if any of their family has a mind to have the small-pox. They make parties for this purpose, and when they are met (commonly fifteen or sixteen together) the old woman comes with a nutshell full of the matter of the best sort of small-pox and asks what veins you please to have opened. She immediately rips open that you offer to her with a large needle (which gives you no more pain than a common scratch) and puts into the vein as much venom as can lye upon the head of her needle, and after binds up the little wound with a hollow bit of shell, and in this manner opens four or five veins. … The children or young patients play together all the rest of the day and are in perfect health till the eighth. Then the fever begins to seize them and they keep their beds two days, very seldom three. They have very rarely above twenty or thirty in their faces, which never mark, and in eight days time they are as well as before the illness. … There is no example of any one that has died in it, and you may believe I am very well satisfied of the safety of the experiment since I intend to try it on my dear little son. I am patriot enough to take pains to bring this useful invention into fashion in England, and I should not fail to write to some of our doctors very particularly about it if I knew any one of them that I thought had virtue enough to destroy such a considerable branch of their revenue for the good of mankind, but that distemper is too beneficial to them not to expose to all their resentment the hardy wight that should undertake to put an end to it. Perhaps if I live to return I may, however, have courage to war with them.[75] In the early empirical days of vaccination, before Louis Pasteur's work on establishing the germ theory and Joseph Lister's on antisepsis and asepsis, there was considerable cross-infection. William Woodville, one of the early vaccinators and director of the London Smallpox Hospital is thought to have contaminated the cowpox matter – the vaccine – with smallpox matter and this essentially produced variolation. Other vaccine material was not reliably derived from cowpox, but from other skin eruptions of cattle.[76]  During the earlier days of empirical experimentation in 1758, American Calvinist Jonathan Edwards died from a smallpox inoculation. Some of the earliest statistical and epidemiological studies were performed by James Jurin in 1727 and Daniel Bernoulli in 1766.[77] In 1768, Dr John Fewster reported that variolation induced no reaction in persons who had had cowpox.[78][79]  Edward Jenner was born in Berkeley, England as an orphan. As a young child, Jenner was variolated with the other schoolboys through parish funds, but nearly died due to the seriousness of his infection. Fed purgative medicine and going through the bloodletting process, Jenner was put in one of the variolation stables until he recovered.[80] At the age of 13, he was apprenticed to apothecary Daniel Ludlow and later surgeon George Hardwick in nearby Sodbury. He observed that people who caught cowpox while working with cattle were known not to catch smallpox. Jenner assumed a causal connection but the idea was not taken up at that time. From 1770 to 1772 Jenner received advanced training in London at St Georges Hospital and as the private pupil of John Hunter, then returned to set up practice in Berkeley.[81]  Perhaps there was already an informal public understanding of some connection between disease resistance and working with cattle. The "beautiful milkmaid" seems to have been a frequent image in the art and literature of this period. But it is known for certain that in the years following 1770, at least six people in England and Germany (Sevel, Jensen, Jesty 1774, Rendall, Plett 1791) tested successfully the possibility of using the cowpox vaccine as an immunization for smallpox in humans.[82]  Jenner sent a paper reporting his observations to the Royal Society in April 1797. It was not submitted formally and there is no mention of it in the Society's records. Jenner had sent the paper informally to Sir Joseph Banks, the Society's president, who asked Everard Home for his views. Reviews of his rejected report, published for the first time in 1999, were skeptical and called for further vaccinations.[83] Additional vaccinations were performed and in 1798 Jenner published his work entitled An Inquiry into the Causes and Effects of the Variolae Vaccinae, a disease discovered in some of the western counties of England, particularly Gloucestershire and Known by the Name of Cow Pox.[62][84][85] It was an analysis of 23 cases including several individuals who had resisted natural exposure after previous cowpox. It is not known how many Jenner vaccinated or challenged by inoculation with smallpox virus, e.g. Case 21 included 'several children and adults'. Crucially all of at least four whom Jenner deliberately inoculated with smallpox virus resisted it. These included the first and last patients in a series of arm-to-arm transfers. He concluded that cowpox inoculation was a safe alternative to smallpox inoculation, but rashly claimed that the protective effect was lifelong. This last proved to be incorrect.[86] Jenner also tried to distinguish between 'True' cowpox which produced the desired result and 'Spurious' cowpox which was ineffective and/or produced severe reaction. Modern research suggests Jenner was trying to distinguish between effects caused by what would now[when?] be recognised as non-infectious vaccine, a different virus (e.g. paravaccinia/milker's nodes), or contaminating bacterial pathogens. This caused confusion at the time, but would become important criteria in vaccine development.[87] A further source of confusion was Jenner's belief that fully effective vaccine obtained from cows originated in an equine disease, which he mistakenly referred to as grease. This was criticised at the time but vaccines derived from horsepox were soon introduced and later contributed to the complicated problem of the origin of vaccinia virus, the virus in present-day vaccine.[88]: 165–78   The introduction of the vaccine to the New World took place in Trinity, Newfoundland, in 1798 by Dr. John Clinch, boyhood friend and medical colleague of Jenner.[89][90] The first smallpox vaccine in the United States was administered in 1799. The physician Valentine Seaman gave his children a smallpox vaccination using a serum acquired from Jenner.[91][92] By 1800, Jenner's work had been published in all the major European languages and had reached Benjamin Waterhouse in the United States – an indication of rapid spread and deep interest.[93]: 262–67  Despite some concern about the safety of vaccination the mortality using carefully selected vaccine was close to zero, and it was soon in use all over Europe and the United States.[94][95]  In 1804 the Balmis Expedition, an official Spanish mission commanded by Francisco Javier de Balmis, sailed to spread the vaccine throughout the Spanish Empire, first to the Canary Islands and on to Spanish Central America. While his deputy, José Salvany, took vaccine to the west and east coasts of Spanish South America, Balmis sailed to Manila in the Philippines and on to Canton and Macao on the Chinese coast. He returned to Spain in 1806.[96] The vaccine was not carried in the form of flasks, but in the form of 22 orphaned boys, who were 'carriers' of the live cowpox virus. After arrival, "other Spanish governors and doctors used enslaved girls to move the virus between islands, using lymph fluid harvested from them to inoculate their local populations".[97]  The first state to introduce compulsory vaccinations was the Principality of Lucca and Piombino on September 25, 1806.[98] On August 26, 1807, Bavaria introduced a similar measure. Baden followed in 1809, Prussia in 1815, Württemberg in 1818, Sweden in 1816, England in 1867 and the German Empire in 1874 through the Reichs Vaccination Act.[99][100] In Lutheran Sweden, the Protestant clergy played a pioneering role in voluntary smallpox vaccination as early as 1800.[101] The first vaccination was carried out in Liechtenstein in 1801, and from 1812 it was mandatory to vaccinate.[102]  The question of who first tried cowpox inoculation/vaccination cannot be answered with certainty. Most, but still limited, information is available for Benjamin Jesty, Peter Plett and John Fewster. In 1774 Jesty, a farmer of Yetminster in Dorset, observing that the two milkmaids living with his family were immune to smallpox, inoculated his family with cowpox to protect them from smallpox. He attracted a certain amount of local criticism and ridicule at the time then interest waned. Attention was later drawn to Jesty, and he was brought to London in 1802 by critics jealous of Jenner's prominence at a time when he was applying to Parliament for financial reward.[103] During 1790–92 Peter Plett, a teacher from Holstein, reported limited results of cowpox inoculation to the Medical Faculty of the University of Kiel. However, the Faculty favoured variolation and took no action.[104] John Fewster, a surgeon friend of Jenner's from nearby Thornbury, discussed the possibility of cowpox inoculation at meetings as early as 1765. He may have done some cowpox inoculations in 1796 at about the same time that Jenner vaccinated Phipps. However, Fewster, who had a flourishing variolation practice, may have considered this option but used smallpox instead. He thought vaccination offered no advantage over variolation, but maintained friendly contact with Jenner and certainly made no claim of priority for vaccination when critics attacked Jenner's reputation.[105] It seems clear that the idea of using cowpox instead of smallpox for inoculation was considered, and actually tried in the late 18th century, and not just by the medical profession. Therefore, Jenner was not the first to try cowpox inoculation. However, he was the first to publish his evidence and distribute vaccine freely, provide information on selection of suitable material, and maintain it by arm-to-arm transfer. The authors of the official World Health Organization (WHO) account Smallpox and its Eradication assessing Jenner's role wrote:[15]: 264   Publication of the Inquiry and the subsequent energetic promulgation by Jenner of the idea of vaccination with a virus other than variola virus constituted a watershed in the control of smallpox for which he, more than anyone else deserves the credit. As vaccination spread, some European countries made it compulsory. Concern about its safety led to opposition and then repeal of legislation in some instances.[105]: 236–40 [106] Compulsory infant vaccination was introduced in England by the 1853 Vaccination Act. By 1871, parents could be fined for non-compliance, and then imprisoned for non-payment.[106]: 202–13  This intensified opposition, and the 1898 Vaccination Act introduced a conscience clause. This allowed exemption on production of a certificate of conscientious objection signed by two magistrates. Such certificates were not always easily obtained and a further Act in 1907 allowed exemption by a statutory declaration which could not be refused. Although theoretically still compulsory, the 1907 Act effectively marked the end of compulsory infant vaccination in England.[106]: 233–38   In the United States vaccination was regulated by individual states, the first to impose compulsory vaccination being Massachusetts in 1809. There then followed sequences of compulsion, opposition and repeal in various states. By 1930 Arizona, Utah, North Dakota and Minnesota prohibited compulsory vaccination, 35 states allowed regulation by local authorities, or had no legislation affecting vaccination, whilst in ten states, including Washington, D.C. and Massachusetts, infant vaccination was compulsory.[93]: 292–93  Compulsory infant vaccination was regulated by only allowing access to school for those who had been vaccinated.[107] Those seeking to enforce compulsory vaccination argued that the public good overrode personal freedom, a view supported by the U.S. Supreme Court in Jacobson v. Massachusetts in 1905, a landmark ruling which set a precedent for cases dealing with personal freedom and the public good.[108]  Louis T. Wright,[109] an African-American Harvard Medical School graduate (1915), introduced, while serving in the Army during World War I, intradermal, smallpox vaccination for the soldiers.[110]  Until the end of the 19th century, vaccination was performed either directly with vaccine produced on the skin of calves or, particularly in England, with vaccine obtained from the calf but then maintained by arm-to-arm transfer,[111] initially in both cases vaccine could be dried on ivory points for short-term storage or transport but increasing use was made of glass capillary tubes for this purpose towards the end of the century.[112] During this period there were no adequate methods for assessing the safety of the vaccine and there were instances of contaminated vaccine transmitting infections such as erysipelas, tetanus, septicaemia and tuberculosis.[87] In the case of arm-to-arm transfer there was also the risk of transmitting syphilis. Although this did occur occasionally, estimated as 750 cases in 100 million vaccinations,[94]: 122  some critics of vaccination e.g. Charles Creighton believed that uncontaminated vaccine itself was a cause of syphilis.[113] Smallpox vaccine was the only vaccine available during this period, and so the determined opposition to it initiated a number of vaccine controversies that spread to other vaccines and into the 21st century.[citation needed]  Sydney Arthur Monckton Copeman, an English Government bacteriologist interested in smallpox vaccine investigated the effects on the bacteria in it of various treatments, including glycerine. Glycerine was sometimes used simply as a diluent by some continental vaccine producers. However, Copeman found that vaccine suspended in 50% chemically pure glycerine and stored under controlled conditions contained very few "extraneous" bacteria and produced satisfactory vaccinations.[114] He later reported that glycerine killed the causative organisms of erysipelas and tuberculosis when they were added to the vaccine in "considerable quantity", and that his method was widely used on the continent.[111] In 1896, Copeman was asked to supply "extra good calf vaccine" to vaccinate the future Edward VIII.[115]  Vaccine produced by Copeman's method was the only type issued free to public vaccinators by the English Government Vaccine Establishment from 1899. At the same time the 1898 Vaccination Act banned arm-to-arm vaccination, thus preventing transmission of syphilis by this vaccine. However, private practitioners had to purchase vaccine from commercial producers.[116] Although proper use of glycerine reduced bacterial contamination considerably the crude starting material, scraped from the skin of infected calves, was always heavily contaminated and no vaccine was totally free from bacteria. A survey of vaccines in 1900 found wide variations in bacterial contamination. Vaccine issued by the Government Vaccine Establishment contained 5,000 bacteria per gram, while commercial vaccines contained up to 100,000 per gram.[117] The level of bacterial contamination remained unregulated until the Therapeutic Substances Act, 1925 set an upper limit of 5,000 per gram, and rejected any batch of vaccine found to contain the causative organisms of erysipelas or wound infections.[87] Unfortunately glycerolated vaccine soon lost its potency at ambient temperatures which restricted its use in tropical climates. However, it remained in use into the 1970s where a satisfactory cold chain was available. Animals continued to be widely used by vaccine producers during the smallpox eradication campaign. A WHO survey of 59 producers, some of whom used more than one source of vaccine, found that 39 used calves, 12 used sheep and 6 used water buffalo, whilst only 3 made vaccine in cell culture and 3 in embryonated hens' eggs.[15]: 543–45  English vaccine was occasionally made in sheep during World War I but from 1946 only sheep were used.[112]  In the late 1940s and early 1950s, Leslie Collier, an English microbiologist working at the Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, developed a method for producing a heat-stable freeze-dried vaccine in powdered form.[118][119] Collier added 0.5% phenol to the vaccine to reduce the number of bacterial contaminants but the key stage was to add 5% peptone to the liquid vaccine before it was dispensed into ampoules. This protected the virus during the freeze drying process. After drying the ampoules were sealed under nitrogen. Like other vaccines, once reconstituted it became ineffective after 1–2 days at ambient temperatures. However, the dried vaccine was 100% effective when reconstituted after 6 months storage at 37 °C (99 °F) allowing it to be transported to, and stored in, remote tropical areas. Collier's method was increasingly used and, with minor modifications, became the standard for vaccine production adopted by the WHO Smallpox Eradication Unit when it initiated its global smallpox eradication campaign in 1967, at which time 23 of 59 manufacturers were using the Lister strain.[15]: 545, 550   In a letter about landmarks in the history of smallpox vaccine, written to and quoted from by Derrick Baxby, Donald Henderson, chief of the Smallpox Eradication Unit from 1967 to 1977 wrote, "Copeman and Collier made an enormous contribution for which neither, in my opinion ever received due credit".[120]  Smallpox vaccine was inoculated by scratches into the superficial layers of the skin, with a wide variety of instruments used to achieve this. They ranged from simple needles to multi-pointed and multi-bladed spring-operated instruments specifically designed for the purpose.[121]  A major contribution to smallpox vaccination was made in the 1960s by Benjamin Rubin, an American microbiologist working for Wyeth Laboratories. Based on initial tests with textile needles with the eyes cut off transversely half-way he developed the bifurcated needle. This was a sharpened two-prong fork designed to hold one dose of reconstituted freeze-dried vaccine by capillarity.[122] Easy to use with minimum training, cheap to produce ($5 per 1000), using one quarter as much vaccine as other methods, and repeatedly re-usable after flame sterilization, it was used globally in the WHO Smallpox Eradication Campaign from 1968.[15]: 472–73, 568–72  Rubin estimated that it was used to do 200 million vaccinations per year during the last years of the campaign.[122] Those closely involved in the campaign were awarded the "Order of the Bifurcated Needle". This, a personal initiative by Donald Henderson, was a lapel badge, designed and made by his daughter, formed from the needle shaped to form an "O". This represented "Target Zero", the objective of the campaign.[123]  Smallpox was eradicated by a massive international search for outbreaks, backed up with a vaccination program, starting in 1967. It was organised and co-ordinated by a World Health Organization (WHO) unit, set up and headed by Donald Henderson. The last case in the Americas occurred in 1971 (Brazil), south-east Asia (Indonesia) in 1972, and on the Indian subcontinent in 1975 (Bangladesh). After two years of intensive searches, what proved to be the last endemic case anywhere in the world occurred in Somalia, in October 1977.[15]: 526–37  A Global Commission for the Certification of Smallpox Eradication chaired by Frank Fenner examined the evidence from, and visited where necessary, all countries where smallpox had been endemic. In December 1979 they concluded that smallpox had been eradicated, a conclusion endorsed by the WHO General Assembly in May 1980.[15]: 1261–62  However, even as the disease was being eradicated there still remained stocks of smallpox virus in many laboratories. Accelerated by two cases of smallpox in 1978, one fatal (Janet Parker), caused by an accidental and unexplained containment breach at a laboratory at the University of Birmingham Medical School, the WHO ensured that known stocks of smallpox virus were either destroyed or moved to safer laboratories. By 1979, only four laboratories were known to have smallpox virus. All English stocks held at St Mary's Hospital, London were transferred to more secure facilities at Porton Down and then to the U.S. at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in Atlanta, Georgia in 1982, and all South African stocks were destroyed in 1983. By 1984, the only known stocks were kept at the CDC in the U.S. and the State Research Center of Virology and Biotechnology (VECTOR) in Koltsovo, Russia.[15]: 1273–76  These states report that their repositories are for possible anti-bioweaponry research and insurance if some obscure reservoir of natural smallpox is discovered in the future.[citation needed][124]  Among more than 270,000 US military service members vaccinated with smallpox vaccine between December 2002, and March 2003, eighteen cases of probable myopericarditis were reported (all in first-time vaccinees who received the NYCBOH strain of vaccinia virus), an incidence of 7.8 per 100,000 during the 30 days they were observed. All cases were in young, otherwise healthy adult white men and all survived.[125]  In 2002, the United States government started a program to vaccinate 500,000 volunteer health care professionals throughout the country. Recipients were healthcare workers who would be first-line responders in the event of a bioterrorist attack. Many healthcare workers refused or did not pursue vaccination, worried about vaccine side effects, compensation and liability. Most did not see an immediate need for the vaccine. Some healthcare systems refused to participate, worried about becoming a destination for smallpox patients in the event of an epidemic.[126] Fewer than 40,000 actually received the vaccine.[127]  On April 21, 2022, Public Services and Procurement Canada published a notice of tender seeking to stockpile 500,000 doses of smallpox vaccine in order to protect against a potential accidental or intentional release of the eradicated virus.[128] On May 6, the contract was awarded to Bavarian Nordic for their Imvamune vaccine.[129] These were deployed by the Public Health Agency of Canada for targeted vaccination in response to the 2022 monkeypox outbreak.[130]  The origin of the modern smallpox vaccine has long been unclear,[131] but horsepox was identified in the 2010s as the most likely ancestor.[132]: 9  Edward Jenner had obtained his vaccine from a cow, so he named the virus vaccinia, after the Latin word for cow. Jenner believed that both cowpox and smallpox were viruses that originated in the horse and passed to the cow,[133]: 52–53  and some doctors followed his reasoning by inoculating their patients directly with horsepox.[134] The situation was further muddied when Louis Pasteur developed techniques for creating vaccines in the laboratory in the late 19th century. As medical researchers subjected viruses to serial passage, inadequate recordkeeping resulted in the creation of laboratory strains with unclear origins.[88]: 4  By the late 19th century, it was unknown whether the vaccine originated from cowpox, horsepox, or an attenuated strain of smallpox.[135]  In 1939, Allan Watt Downie showed that the vaccinia virus was serologically distinct from the "spontaneous" cowpox virus.[11] This work established vaccinia and cowpox as two separate viral species. The term vaccinia now refers only to the smallpox vaccine,[136] while cowpox no longer has a Latin name.[137] The development of whole genome sequencing in the 1990s made it possible to compare orthopoxvirus genomes and identify their relationships with each other. The horsepox virus was sequenced in 2006 and found to be most closely related to vaccinia.[138] In a phylogenetic tree of the orthopoxviruses, horsepox forms a clade with vaccinia strains, and cowpox strains form a different clade.[12]  Horsepox is extinct in the wild, and the only known sample was collected in 1976.[139] Because the sample was collected at the end of the smallpox eradication campaign, scientists considered the possibility that horsepox is a strain of vaccinia that had escaped into the wild.[140] However, as more smallpox vaccines were sequenced, older vaccines were found to be more similar to horsepox than modern vaccinia strains. A smallpox vaccine manufactured by Mulford in 1902 is 99.7% similar to horsepox, closer than any previously known strain of vaccinia.[141] Modern Brazilian vaccines with a documented introduction date of 1887, made from material collected in an 1866 outbreak of "cowpox" in France, are more similar to horsepox than other strains of vaccinia.[142] Five smallpox vaccines manufactured in the United States in 1859–1873 are most similar to each other and horsepox,[140] as well as the 1902 Mulford vaccine.[143] One of the 1859–1873 vaccines was identified as a novel strain of horsepox, containing a complete gene from the 1976 horsepox sample that has deletions in vaccinia.[143]  The word "vaccine" is derived from Variolae vaccinae (i.e. smallpox of the cow), the term devised by Jenner to denote cowpox and used in the long title of his An enquiry into the causes and effects of Variolae vaccinae, known by the name of cow pox.[86] Vaccination, the term which soon replaced cowpox inoculation and vaccine inoculation, was first used in print by Jenner's friend, Richard Dunning in 1800.[81] Initially, the terms vaccine/vaccination referred only to smallpox, but in 1881 Louis Pasteur proposed at the 7th International Congress of Medicine[144] that to honour Jenner the terms be widened to cover the new protective inoculations being introduced.[145] According to some sources the term was first introduced by Jenner's friend Richard Dunning in 1800.[146]  US DailyMed: Smallpox AU: D  J07BX01 (WHO)  AU: S4 (Prescription only) [1] CA: Rx-only, Schedule D [2][3][4] UK: POM (Prescription only)  US: ℞-only [5][6] EU: Rx-only [7] In general: ℞ (Prescription only) DB15497 4SV59689SK D05295 300,000 ACAM2000 (2nd) 2.4 million various (1st) MVA-BN (3rd)[48] 30+ million Lister/Elstree-BN (2nd)[48] 24 million various (1st)[48] 65,000 MVA-BN (3rd)[52] 100 million ACAM2000 (2nd)[52] 85 million WetVax (1st)[54]"
Regional Museum of Natural History Mysore;"  Coordinates: 12°18′21.07″N 76°40′26.76″E﻿ / ﻿12.3058528°N 76.6741000°E﻿ / 12.3058528, 76.6741000  The Regional Museum of Natural History at Mysore, is a museum in India with exhibits on plants, animals and geology of the southern region of India.  The Regional Museum of Natural History at Mysore, was inaugurated on 20 May 1995. It was undertaken by the government of India, ministry of environment and forests. The museum is located on the banks of Karanji Lake, with the Chamundi Hills visible in the background. It is now a landmark in the city. The museum exhibits plants, animals and geology of the southern region of India.  The galleries emphasize the conservation of nature and natural resources while depicting ecological interrelationship among plants and animals. Visually challenged students can feel the exhibits of animals on the premises. The museum provides an extracurricular activity for schools and promotes environmental awareness.  On the grounds of the museum is a small botanical garden with local trees and a collection of plants used in Ayurvedic medicine.  The gardens include an interpretative trail section designed for the visually impaired with not only signs in brail but also a sunken foot bridge to provide a "walk in water" experience of aquatic plants and fishes. Museum curators describe this section as "the first museum garden for the visually impaired in India."    This article related to a museum in India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Biological Diversity has multiple sections. The first section has a special emphasis on the western ghats. It exhibits the biodiversity of the southern region of India. The next section is about tropical rain forests, of countries that possess them, showcasing their diversity and global benefits. The next section is on the significance of wetlands and the mangrove forests. The next section depicts a diorama of a marine habitat. The last section has a large exhibit panel cautioning against the destruction natural diversity. Life through the Ages is walk-through tunnel, depicting evolution of life. The Discovery center consists of a discovery room, a computer room, a vivarium and a mini weather station. Children can handle, examine and study specimens in the discovery room. A mini theater, a sound booth are also present to keep children occupied. The bioscience computer room facilitates studying biology through interactive and multimedia techniques at a high-school or college level. National Museum of Natural History, New Delhi Regional Museum of Natural History, Bhopal Regional Museum of Natural History, Bhubaneswar Rajiv Gandhi Regional Museum of Natural History, Sawai Madhopur Homepage of Regional Museum of Natural History, Mysore v t e Wodeyar dynasty Kingdom of Mysore Chamarajendra Wodeyar X Krishnaraja Wodeyar IV Jayachamarajendra Wodeyar Srikantadatta Wodeyar Mysore Airport Mysore Zoo Srikantadatta Narasimha Raja Wadeyar Ground Mysore Race Course Town Hall Dufferin Clock Tower Mysore Palace Jaganmohana Palace Lalitha Mahal Rajendra Vilas Jayalakshmi Vilas Chamarajendra Academy of Visual Arts Regional Museum of Natural History Folk Lore Museum Rail Museum Oriental Research Institute Chamundi Temple St. Philomena's Church Mysore painting Ganjifa Mysore silk Mysore Dasara Mysore City Corporation Mysore pak Masala dose University of Mysore Kukkarahalli Lake Karanji Lake Lingambudhi Lake v t e"
Central Karakoram National Park;" Central Karakoram National Park (Urdu: میانی قراقرم ملی باغ) is a national park located  in Skardu district of Gilgit-Baltistan in Pakistan. It encompasses some of the world’s highest peaks and largest glaciers. Internationally renowned for mountaineering, rock climbing and trekking opportunities, it covers an area of about 10,000 sq. km and contains the greatest concentration of high mountains on earth. It has four peaks over 8,000 m including K2 (8611 m), Gasherbrum-I (8068 m), Gasherbrum-II (8035 m) and Broad Peak (8051 m), and sixty peaks higher than 7,000 m. The park was placed on the World Heritage Site Tentative List in 2016.[1]  The Central Karakoram National Park is the highest national park in the world and the largest protected area in Pakistan.[2] It covers about 10,557 km2 (4,100 sq mi) in the Central Karakoram mountain range. It varies in altitude from 2,000 m (6,562 ft) above sea level to the summit of chogori  K2, the world's second highest mountain at 8,611 m (28,251 ft).[2] There are three other mountains over 8,000 m (26,247 ft), Gasherbrum I (8,068 m (26,470 ft)), Gasherbrum II (8,035 m (26,362 ft)) and phalchanri  Broad Peak (8,051 m (26,414 ft)), and sixty mountains over 7,000 m (23,000 ft). The park also includes the Baltoro, Panmah, Biafo and Hispar glaciers and their tributary glaciers and is considered to be one of the most beautiful national parks in Pakistan.[3] In 2013 it was stated that the exact boundaries of the park were unclear because, twenty years after its formation, the park still lacked a management plan. At the time of its creation in 1993, four coordinates were provided to delineate the boundaries of the park. The International Union for Conservation of Nature put forward a proposed management plan in 1994, but that was not approved at the time. A management plan should cover all aspects of the park including such things as forestry, mining, other natural resources, tourism, grazing land and waste management, and without an appropriate plan, the park could not be properly administered.[3]  In February 2015, a management plan for the park was finally established, following a year-long consultation period with stakeholders and local communities. The plan covers ten sectors: wildlife, vegetation, aromatic/medicinal plants and non-wood forest products, pastures and livestock, agriculture, mining, water, tourism, local communities involvement and research.[4] The park is divided into two zones, the core zone, occupying about 7,600 km2 (2,900 sq mi), comprises the mountain peaks, glaciers and high level mountain areas, and their fragile ecosystem, the buffer zone comprises around 3,000 km2 (1,200 sq mi) of mainly lower-lying areas around human settlements where unsustainable activities take place, and corridors providing access to different parts of the core zone.[2]  A study of the size of the glaciers in the park, made using Landsat images over the decade 2001 to 2010, shows that the ice cover is substantially unchanged. This demonstrates the fact that the Karakoram region is bucking the trend for glaciers to retreat that is happening elsewhere, this is known as the "Karakoram anomaly".[5]  The park has several distinct ecological zones, each with its own natural vegetation which is closely related to the climate and topography, in general, the area has low precipitation and experiences humid westerly winds. The villages are in the valley bottoms where wheat, maize and potatoes are grown, and pomegranate and apricot trees thrive. The lower slopes consist of "alpine dry steppes". They have gravel and moraine soils and support sparse grass and scrub. The "sub-alpine scrub zone" is found beside rivers and streams, in gullies and ravines. It consists of bushes and small deciduous trees and provides browsing for livestock and wild ungulates. Higher up there is the "alpine meadows and alpine scrub zone" which has high pasture and open coniferous forest and is only available for grazing in summer. Above this are permanent snowfields and cold desert areas which occupy the 4,200 to 5,100 m (13,780 to 16,732 ft) zone, and here there are isolated patches of stunted grass and hardy, low vegetation.[6]  Some valleys are dominated by communities of West Himalayan spruce, Himalayan white pine and Pashtun juniper, including some pure stands of P. smithiana. Smaller shrubs and plants associated with these communities include sea wormwood, Astragalus gilgitensis, Fragaria nubicola, Geranium nepalensis, Kashmir balsam, Thymus linearis, white clover, Rubus irritans, Taraxacum karakorium and Taraxacum affinis.[citation needed] On some east and south-facing slopes, common sea buckthorn is the dominant shrub, often associated with Berberis lyceum, and on some east-facing slopes at higher altitudes there are communities dominated by Rosa webbiana and Ribes orientale.[citation needed] Other herbaceous plants growing on the sparse grassland, especially in gullies and ravines, are Salix denticulata, Mertensia tibetica, Potentilla desertorum, Juniperus polycarpus, alpine bistort, Berberis pachyacantha and Spiraea lycioides.[7]  Larger mammals found in this region include:  There are only a few birds described from this region some of them are:  Only two lizards and no amphibians are found:  Expeditions come each year to this area of the Karakorum to ascend the massive peaks, climb rocky crags and big sheer rock walls, and trek. Most expeditions visit the region in July and August, but some come as early as May and June, and September can be good for lower altitude climbing. One celebrated climbing area is Trango Towers, a group of some of the world tallest rock towers, situated in the park close to the route used to trek to the K2 base camp.[8] Every year, a number of expeditions from all parts of the world visit the area to climb these most challenging granite towers.[9]  Urial,O. vignei Siberian ibex,C.s.sakeen Markhor,C.f.cashmirensis Bharal,P.n.nayaur Snow leopard,P.uncia Himalayan lynx,L.l.isabellinus Himalayan brown bear,U.a.isabellinus Himalayan black bear,U.t.laniger Common raven,Corvus corax tibetanus Alpine chough,Pyrrhocorax graculus digitatus Golden eagle, Aquila chrysaetos daphanea Chukar partridge,Alectoris chukar Paralaudakia himalayana Chitral gecko"
Mahendra Singh Yadav;"   Mahendra Singh Yadav is an Indian politician. He is a Member of the Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly representing Kolaras for the Indian National Congress. He was first elected in the 2018 bypolls, after the death of his father Ram Singh Yadav.[2][3][4][5]  He is married to Rajkumari Yadav and has two sons (Lokendra Yadav and Jay Yadav) and two daughters (Neha Yadav And Megha Yadav).    This article about an Indian National Congress politician from Madhya Pradesh is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Ram Singh Yadav (father) Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly"
Dénes Lukács;" Dénes Lukács may refer to:  Dénes Lukács (colonel) (1816–1868), Hungarian artillery commander in 1848 Revolution Dénes Lukács (psychologist) (living), Hungarian psychologist Dénes Lukács (tennis) (born 1987), Hungarian Davis Cup team player"
Eleanor Taylor Bland;" Eleanor Taylor Bland (December 31, 1944[1] – June 2, 2010) was an African-American writer of crime fiction. She was the creator of Lincoln Prairie, Illinois (based on Waukegan, Illinois)[2] police detective Marti McAllister.  Bland was born in Boston, Massachusetts, and married Anthony Bland, a member of the United States Navy, when she was fourteen.[3] In the early 1970s, they relocated to the Naval Station Great Lakes in North Chicago, Illinois[4] She and her husband remained together for 31 years before separating.  Bland received a BA from the University of Southern Illinois in 1981,[5] and from 1981 to 1999 worked as an accountant. She had two children and several grandchildren, and resided in Waukegan, Illinois, during the later years of her life.[6]  She was diagnosed with Gardner's syndrome in the 1970s, and was reportedly given only two years to live at the time.[7] However, Bland lived forty more years. She died from Gardner's Syndrome on June 2, 2010, in Waukegan, Illinois.[8]  Following her death, the organization of mystery writers Sisters in Crime created the "Eleanor Taylor Bland Crime Fiction Writers of Color Award" in her honor.[9][10]  Bland's first novel, Dead Time (1992), introduced her sleuth, African-American police detective Marti MacAlister, recently transferred from Chicago to the small town of Lincoln Prairie, Illinois. However, her second book, Slow Burn, was actually the first one written but no publisher wanted it.[11]  Several novels featuring Marti MacAlister followed. Marti works in collaboration with a male partner, Polish-American Vik Jessenovik, and their contrasting styles have been described as city-reared, streetwise, spunky and intuitive and Baptist (Marti) versus meticulous and small-town-minded  Catholic (Vik).  Family and community life, and social issues, are also strong elements in the novels.[12]  In a survey of women detectives in crime fiction, Maureen Reddy points out that almost all African American women writers create detectives who have children and a family life.[13] Bland herself once commented that "the most significant contribution that we have made, collectively, to mystery fiction is the development of the extended family, the permanence of spouses and significant others, most of whom don't die in the first three chapters, children who are complex, wanted and loved, and even pets."[14]  Editor  Dead Time (1992) Slow Burn (1993) Gone Quiet (1994) Done Wrong (1995) ISBN 9780312957940, OCLC 34698212 Keep Still (1996) See No Evil New York : St. Martin's Press, 1998. ISBN 9780312169107, OCLC 37560267 Tell No Tales (1999) ISBN 9780312971137, OCLC 43671747 Scream in Silence (2000) Whispers in the Dark (2001) Windy City Dying (2002) Fatal Remains (2003) A Cold and Silent Dying (2004) A Dark and Deadly Deception (2005) Suddenly a Stranger (2007) Shades of Black: Crime and Mystery Stories by African American Authors (2004) Police Procedural Crime fiction Mystery (fiction) Detective List of female detective/mystery writers List of female detective characters"
Love Me (The 1975 song);"   "Love Me" is a song by English band the 1975 from their second studio album, I Like It When You Sleep, for You Are So Beautiful yet So Unaware of It (2016). The song was written by George Daniel, Matthew Healy, Adam Hann and Ross MacDonald. Mike Crossey handled the production alongside Daniel and Healy. It was released on 8 October 2015 by Dirty Hit and Polydor Records as the lead single from the album. Written two years before its release, the song was inspired by the band's adjustment to their newfound celebrity status, having found themselves in a scene where fame was prized as currency. The track's production was inspired by the music of the 1980s, specifically the work of Trevor Horn, Frankie Goes to Hollywood and Oingo Boingo.  A funk and electropop song, "Love Me" is markedly more pop-sounding than the 1975's trademark ambient and ethereal compositions, incorporating elements of new wave, post-punk, art pop, dance-pop, funk rock and power pop. The production encompasses an intricate mesh of guitars and synthesisers alongside a 1980s-style saxophone, cowbells and a guitar solo. Healy sings in an experimental style, utilising articulation techniques such as staccato. The lyrics both celebrate and admonish narcissism, ego and fame, acting as a commentary on modern society's obsession with celebrities.  Upon release, "Love Me" received generally positive reviews from contemporary music critics, who compared it to David Bowie and Prince. Reviewers praised the song's unexpected sound, production and Healy's vocals. The track later appeared on several year-end lists. It peaked at number 20 on the UK Singles Chart, number 10 in Scotland and reached the top 50 in Australia, Canada and Ireland. In the United States, the song peaked at number 7 on the US Billboard Hot Rock & Alternative Songs chart and number 100 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart. It was later certified silver in the United Kingdom by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI). An accompanying music video, directed by Diane Martel, was released on 28 October 2015. The visual features the 1975 performing the song alongside cardboard cutouts of various celebrities, and received positive reviews from contemporary critics.  In June 2015, Healy posted a photo of the cover art for I Like It When You Sleep, for You Are So Beautiful yet So Unaware of It and a pink square on Twitter. The singer also released a statement that described the 1975's need to change their identity, both visually and philosophically, while saying: "Firstly we must reclaim our identity & repossess our control of it...Until then there won't be any pop music or dancing with long hair."[1] The band continued teasing an upcoming release in the form of mysterious new images and merchandise.[2] On 29 September, they began a ten-day countdown on their website, leading to 8 October.[2][3] On 6 October, the 1975 announced that the song would premiere two days later on BBC Radio 1.[3] "Love Me" was officially released as the album's lead single on 8 October.[4] Regarding the decision to release the song as the lead single, Healy said it was because "it's too ridiculous to follow anything really".[5]  "'Love Me' as a song was born [out] of our confusion as to how big we'd gotten, in our eyes. We can't say how big we are, but for us, we surpassed a lot of our expectations [...] We weren't having a dig at anyone or at culture."  —Healy, on what inspired the 1975 to write "Love Me".[6]  In an interview with iHeartRadio, Healy told Nicole Mastrogiannis that "Love Me" is about himself. He said the song represents the 1975 coming to terms with a new life after achieving commercial success with their debut album. The singer described the track as making light of the band's newfound fame while adjusting to the "quite lavish, ridiculous part" of the social fabric they were unfamiliar with. Healy noted that, unlike their friends, the 1975 were not celebrities, but found themselves in a social scene where fame is often prized as "social currency". Regarding the influence of this situation on the songwriting process, the singer said they "wanted to comment on that, and say that it feels a bit weird, and a bit that this culture seems to be unjustified for that".[5] Healy told Joe Lynch of Billboard that he wanted "Love Me" to embrace a narrative of: "The rock star buying into his own self-constructed mythology." The singer wanted the song to sound bombastic, ridiculous and slightly arrogant, representing the 1975 being immersed in a world they did not feel part of. He discovered a social hierarchy based on whom an individual had photos with, which he felt was a "decline in the standards of what we expect culturally".[7]  In an interview with Premier Guitar, Hann revealed "Love Me" was written two years prior to its release. The guitarist told Tzvi Gluckin that typically, Daniel builds the basis of a song on his laptop using Logic Pro, sending Hann a simple guitar idea. The latter expands on the concept or creates something new, engaging in a back-and-forth with the producer. However, the guitarist said "Love Me" was composed in a spontaneous manner, with the initial idea created on tour during a soundcheck. To achieve the desired tone for the song's guitar solo, the band recorded it using a Music Man John Petrucci Signature Series guitar, firing different pieces from the DI unit through different pedals, amps and delays, giving it a "weird" character. Hann also used the guitar to construct the main chord part of "Love Me", since it gave the song a 1980s sound that maintained a "well-balanced even sound to it".[8]  Regarding the production, Healy said the 1975 chose to create "Love Me" in a 1980s-style due to the era being "where our love of pop music is [...] It's where a lot of our favorite records come from. I think where a lot of people's favorite records come from". They were inspired by the innovative production techniques and dramatic nature of 1980s pop music, noting it was crafted in a way that avoided theatrics. The singer highlighted the exploratory production that developed in the era, noting technology became an important production tool as artists tried to see how "ridiculous" they could sound. He cited the film Weird Science (1985), producer Trevor Horn and bands such as Frankie Goes to Hollywood and Oingo Boingo as influences on the song. While trying to emulate the ethos of the era for "Love Me", they did not want to create a pastiche that was overly-referential.[5]  Musically, "Love Me" is a funk and electropop song.[9][10][11][12] It has a length of three minutes and 42 seconds (3:42).[13] According to sheet music published at Musicnotes.com by Hal Leonard Music Publishing, "Love Me" is set in the time signature of common time with a moderate tempo of 98 beats per minute. The track is composed in the key of F major, with Healy's vocals ranging between the notes of F4 and B♭5. It follows a chord progression of F7–E7–F7.[14] The production contains an intricate mesh of guitars and synthesisers,[15] chunky 1980s riffs, "huge" shivering hooks,[16]  thin and bright rhythm guitars panning between speakers, wibbly synth breaks,[17] a synth solo, cowbells,[10] a 1980s-style saxophone and background vocals which come out of the left and right channels, which Jonathan Wroble of Slant Magazine described as a "chorus of adulation".[9][18] Hann's guitar solo occurs at 2:26, utilising reamped tones, tricks and exotic effects.[8] "Love Me" is distinctly different from the band's previous music, eschewing their trademark ethereal and ambient elements in favour of a more 1980s pop sound that incorporates aspects of new wave and post-punk.[5][19] Additionally, the song contains elements of art pop,[20] dance-pop,[21] funk rock and power pop.[18][22]  Lyrically, "Love Me" serves to support the 1975's denial of their rock stardom and is both a celebration and an admonishment of narcissism, ego and being famous.[11][12][21][19] The song criticises overinflated egos, admonishing those who are unable to remain connected with reality on the basis of self-absorption.[19] The track acts as a "post-ironic" comment on selfie culture and 21st-century society's vacuous obsession with celebrities.[23] In the first verse, Healy sings: "I'm just with my friends online and there's things we'd like to change".[24][25] "Love Me" is also an admission of wrongdoing, with the lyrics serving as an apology to the band itself for losing sight of what is most important to them—the music, singing in the pre-chorus: "We've just come to represent a decline in the standards of what we accept!"[19][26] In the chorus, he sings: "And love me yeah/ If that's what you wanna do".[27] Healy's vocals in the song are approached with a new, experimental methodology, singing from the highest peak of his range to the lowest point. Unlike the 1975's previous songs, the singer eschews a crooning style and adopts "jumping" melodies and musical articulations such as staccato to give the track an emotional depth.[11][19]  Matt Collar of AllMusic called "Love Me" a "cheeky, plastic" funk song.[13] Wroble said the track mimics Peter Gabriel's "Big Time" (1986) to "masterful effect".[9] Exclaim! editor Ian Gormely compared it to a song that "fell off the back of an INXS greatest hits collection".[28] Kitty Empire of The Guardian said "Love Me" resembles Duran Duran's Notorious (1986).[29] Rolling Stone writer Jon Dolan said the song "funkily" recalls Nile Rodgers' production work with Duran Duran.[30] Pryor Stroud of PopMatters called the track a "post-Random Access Memories update of Duran Duran's chrome-funk work with Nile Rodgers".[31] Collin Brennan of Consequence of Sound compared the song's guitar riff to David Bowie's "Fame" (1975) and the chorus to the Isley Brothers' "It's Your Thing" (1969), writing its plagiarism of the two songs feels "self-conscious and self-effacing".[21] Rhian Daly of NME called "Love Me" a nod to "Fame"-era Bowie.[32] Laura Snapes of Pitchfork said the song splices Bowie's "Fame" and "Fashion" (1980).[24] Kika Chatterjee of Alternative Press called the track "blatantly Bowie-esque, perfectly at home on a disco dance floor".[33]  Stereogum named "Love Me" the 45th-best pop song of 2015, saying the 1975 "lock into a groove so tight you could snap it in half and so funky you can smell it".[34] The track also appeared on Collar's 2015 year-end songs list for AllMusic.[35] NME ranked "Love Me" at number 5 on their year-end list, Emily Barker commended the lyrics, wordplay and themes, while noting the song mines "Fame"-era David Bowie, Talking Heads and INXS.[36]  Andy Gill of The Independent said "Love Me" is the 1975's "gauche take on Talking Heads' preppy funk-pop".[17] In his review of I Like It When You Sleep, for You Are So Beautiful yet So Unaware of It, Collar called the song delightful, while comparing it to "something Madonna might have made in collaboration with Chic guitarist Nile Rodgers and art-pop duo Yello".[13] MTV News writer Chandra Johnson said the track "sounds a lot less Brian Eno and a lot more Prince than their previous work".[12] Laurence Day of The Line of Best Fit compared "Love Me" to Prince and Duran Duran, lauding the production for containing "more pop pleasures than seems humanly possible", ultimately deeming it a "massive" comeback for the band.[16] Matthew Horton of NME called the song a "monster hit" reminiscent of Bowie's "Fame". He also praised its confidence and the "unexpected but brilliant cock-rocking guitar solo".[37] Gigwise editor Andrew Trendell said the track is the most pop-inclined song the band has ever created, describing it as a mixture of the Red Hot Chili Peppers "soaked" in a 1980s vibe that blends Bowie's Let's Dance, the "sexiest" Prince moments, the power pop of Peter Gabriel's "Sledgehammer" (1986) and Bros.[18]  In their review of "Love Me", the editorial staff of DIY called the song "massive" and said it represents a huge statement from the band, praising the "spiky, Prince-aping guitar work and unabashed [1980s] love".[38] Gluckin called the track an education in pop guitar, highlighting Hann's Bowie-esque guitar solo for giving it its "particular muscle".[8] Jordyn Halpern of Euphoria Magazine praised Healy's "genius" vocal experimentation, saying the singer channels Prince, while describing "Love Me" as "the mesh of sheer talent and cockiness that lets us all fall in love with [t]he 1975 in a way we never could before".[11] Billboard editor Nick Williams lauded Healy's newfound embrace of a "rock-star growl", deeming the song an impressive coming-of-age change that deviates from the teen-rock of the band's prior catalogue.[39] Similarly, Sam Murphy of Music Feeds noted the track shifted the 1975's sound toward pop music, while praising the funky guitars and a 1980s-influenced beat, deeming it an "ear worm".[40]  Gormely deemed "Love Me" one of the two pillars from I Like It When You Sleep, for You Are So Beautiful yet So Unaware of It, calling it "insanely infectious".[28] Sean Adams of Drowned in Sound said the song contains "anthemic magic".[41] Chatterjee felt the track is a "shock to the system from a band that can be famously solemn", while highlighting its "fun" nature.[33] Brennan said "Love Me" is "[desperate] to be liked, and, strangely enough, it is sort of likable", while writing its flamboyance displays a willingness to crash and burn.[21] Mitch Mosk of Atwood Magazine highlighted the song's energy and self-awareness, calling it "an entity unto itself" that is new, polished and different.[19] Snapes praised the "zeitgeist-capturing" couplet "I'm just with my friends online and there's things we'd like to change", noting that the track's lyrics make Healy "sound like the trustafarian street poet that he already slightly resembles".[24] Andy Baber of musicOMH praised the "bold" chorus and called "Love Me" a "funky" stylistic curveball, saying it demonstrates the band's desire to push the boundaries of their sound.[27]  In the 1975's native United Kingdom, the song peaked at number 20 on the UK Singles Chart and number ten in Scotland.[42][43] "Love Me" was later certified silver in the UK by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI), denoting sales of over 200,000 units.[44] Elsewhere in Europe, it reached number 42 in Ireland.[45] In the United States, "Love Me" peaked at number 7 on the US Billboard Hot Rock & Alternative Songs chart and reached number 90 on its year-end edition.[46][47] Additionally, the song peaked at number 26 on the US Billboard Rock Airplay chart and number 100 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart.[48][49] Elsewhere in North America, the track reached number 32 on the Billboard Canada Rock Songs chart.[50] In Australia, "Love Me" peaked at number 35.[51]  An accompanying music video, directed by Diane Martel, was released on 28 October 2015.[52] In developing the visual, the 1975 sought to capture the "neon-hued enthralling acquisition of success and excess", a "screaming" momentum and a "sexy daze".[53] The band was extensively involved in the video's creative direction, and "very much" knew what they wanted to achieve. Healy's initial brief was based around a "sexually confused Edward Scissorhands [that] buys into his own self constructed nonsense". The singer envisioned the visual as being post ironic, funny, garish, self-aware and sexy. They chose to work with Martel because they had confidence she could execute their ideas properly, calling it a great collaboration.[5]  The music video opens with various shots of the 1975 performing "Love Me" together, a woman dancing with a floating guitar and Healy singing in front of a troupe of women.[52] The singer prances around shirtless, wearing leather trousers.[54] In certain shots, Healy is shown with his chest covered in stamps showing a headshot of an old photo of himself. The clip is evocative of Richey Edwards' NME cover photo, in which his torso is covered in ink versions of Marilyn Monroe.[54] Singing the lyrics "I'm just with my friends online", he gestures to cardboard cutouts of Harry Styles, Rita Ora, Miley Cyrus, Charli XCX, Ed Sheeran and Elvis Presley, among others.[54][55][56] Healy proceeds to kiss the cutout of Styles.[52][54] In the second verse, the visual is interspersed with shots of a pink hot tub, which is variously filled with the 1975 and Healy with a leotard-clad girl.[52][54] Additionally, two women are shown dancing with giant yellow balloons that spell the band's name.[52] Healy pours out champagne in several scenes, handing a glass to Presley at one point that ends up in a puddle on the floor.[54] During the guitar solo, Daniel mocks selfie culture by holding up a selfie stick and pouting for the camera, continuing to drum with one hand.[52][54]  In their review of the music video, the editorial staff of Alternative Press said: "Funky jams and sex appeal are nothing new for the 1975, but the Manchester quartet's newest single and accompanying visuals take it to another level."[53] Hayden Manders of Nylon called the visual a "tongue-in-cheek, pink-hued commentary on what it means to be a rock-and-roll star in the digital age".[55] Daly praised the 1975 for not following popular trends. He viewed the video as an attack on pop culture and wrote that it carries the same messages as the song itself, saying: "It's a call to arms to question how our society's evolved into one that's suffering from glued-to-the-screen tunnel vision."[54] Shahlin Graves of Coup de Main called the visual a "scathing - and rather hilarious - mockery of fame in the Internet era and modern consumerist pop-culture".[57] Johnson said she would be "watching [the video] a thousand times to make sense of it all".[58] James Grebey of Spin called it a "hoot", writing that it is jokingly glamorous.[56] Tasha Hegarty of Digital Spy called the music video "bonkers".[59] Murphy said the visual was evocative of "gloriously" obnoxious pop bands of the 1980s, deeming it a "heap of fun and will easily hold your attention for nearly four minutes".[60]  Credits adapted from I Like It When You Sleep, for You Are So Beautiful yet So Unaware of It album liner notes.[25]     Sales+streaming figures based on certification alone.    Funk electropop Dirty Hit Polydor Records George Daniel Matthew Healy Adam Hann Ross MacDonald Mike Crossey George Daniel Matthew Healy George Daniel –  composer, producer, programming, synthesizer programming, drums, keyboards, synthesizer, percussion Matthew Healy –  composer, producer, electric guitar, vocals, background vocals Adam Hann –  composer, guitar Ross MacDonald –  composer, bass guitar Mike Crossey –  producer, programming, mixer Jonathan Gilmore –  recording engineer Chris Gehringer –  mastering engineer"
Omar Sacco;"   Omar Sacco (born 3 February 1977) is an Italian former bobsledder. He competed in the four man event at the 2006 Winter Olympics.[1]  This biographical article relating to Italian bobsleigh is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Upputanni Island;"   Upputanni is an uninhabited island situated in the Gulf of Mannar.[1] It is located at a distance of about 5 km (3.1 mi) from the coast of Tamil Nadu, India and is a part of the Kadaladi taluk of Ramanathapuram district, Tamil Nadu.  Coordinates: 09°05′26″N 78°29′29″E﻿ / ﻿9.09056°N 78.49139°E﻿ / 9.09056, 78.49139  This article related to a location in Ramanathapuram district, Tamil Nadu, India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Arthur Mooney;"   Arthur Mooney (14 December 1924 – 30 July 1988)[1] was an Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL).  Mooney, who arrived at the club from the Richmond Recruits, was a half forward flanker.[2][3]  He was a member of the Richmond team which lost the 1944 VFL Grand Final.[4]  His 49 goals in the 1946 VFL season were enough to top Richmond's goal-kicking.[5]    This Australian rules football biography of a person born in the 1920s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
World Tourism Day;" Since 1980, the United Nations World Tourism Organization has celebrated World Tourism Day as international observances on September 27. This date was chosen as on that day in 1970, the Statutes of the UNWTO were adopted. The adoption of these Statutes is considered a milestone in global tourism.[1] The purpose of this day is to raise awareness on the role of tourism within the international community and to demonstrate how it affects social, cultural, political and economic values worldwide.   At its Twelfth Session in Istanbul, Turkey, in October 1997, the UNWTO General Assembly decided to designate a host country each year to act as the Organization's partner in the celebration of World Tourism Day. At its Fifteenth Session in Beijing, China, in October 2003, the Assembly decided the following geographic order to be followed for World Tourism Day celebrations: 2006 in Europe, 2007 in South Asia, 2008 in the Americas, 2009 in Africa and 2011 in the Middle East.  The late Ignatius Amaduwa Atigbi, a Nigerian national, was the one who proposed the idea of marking September 27 of every year as World Tourism Day. He was finally recognized for his contribution in 2009. The colour of World Tourism Day is Blue.  Host countries and themes of the World Tourism Day "
Tony Cascio;"   Tony Cascio (born March 28, 1990) is an American soccer player.  Tony begin his soccer career playing for Hamilton High School in his home town of Chandler, Arizona.[1]  Cascio played college soccer at the University of Connecticut between 2008 and 2011. During his time at UConn, Cascio was named 2010 NSCAA First Team All-American, Big East Offensive Player of the Year in 2010, and was a two-time All-Big East First Team selection in both 2009 and 2010. During his junior year, he was named NSCAA/Performance Subaru Division I First Team All-American, Soccer America MVP Second Team, and was a MAC Hermann Trophy Semifinalist. As a sophomore, was named to the Northeast Region Second Team and selected to the All-Big east First team.[2]  The Colorado Rapids selected Cascio in the first round (No. 14 overall) of the 2012 MLS SuperDraft.[3]  Cascio made his debut during a 2–0 win over Columbus Crew on March 10, 2012.[4] Cascio recorded his first professional goal against the Philadelphia Union on March 18, 2012 by beating defender Chris Albright to fire home past Zac MacMath.[5]  Cascio was loaned to the Houston Dynamo for the 2014 season in exchange for a season's use of an international roster spot. He was the first player to be loaned within MLS.[6]  Cascio was selected in the 2nd round of the 2014 Expansion draft by Orlando City SC.[7]  Started and played 57 minutes in preseason game and was on the bench for the first two games of 2015 but missed the next six months due to a bulging disc in his back.[8]  Cascio signed with Arizona United on March 8, 2016.[9]  Cascio signed with Sporting Arizona FC of the UPSL on March 7, 2018.[10] "
Kokoszki (disambiguation);" Kokoszki is a district of Gdańsk, Poland.  Kokoszki may also refer to the following places in Poland:  Kokoszki, Podlaskie Voivodeship (north-east Poland) Kokoszki, Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland) Kokoszki, Greater Poland Voivodeship (west-central Poland) Kokoszki, Pomeranian Voivodeship (north Poland) Kokoszki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship (north Poland)"
Sainte-Jeanne-d'Arc, Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean, Quebec;" Sainte-Jeanne-d'Arc is a village in the Canadian province of Quebec, located within the regional county municipality of Maria-Chapdelaine. The village had a population of 1,089 in the Canada 2011 Census.[3]  In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Sainte-Jeanne-d'Arc had a population of 1,101 living in 493 of its 552 total private dwellings, a change of 4.9% from its 2016 population of 1,050. With a land area of 267.28 km2 (103.20 sq mi), it had a population density of 4.1/km2 (10.7/sq mi) in 2021.[4]  Population trend:[5]  Mother tongue:[6]      This Quebec location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Population in 2011: 1089 (2006 to 2011 population change: -4.4%) Population in 2006: 1139 Population in 2001: 1128 Population in 1996: 1158 Population in 1991: 1113 English as first language: 0% French as first language: 95.2% English and French as first language: 3.9% Other as first language: 0.9%"
Navin Kavikara;"   Navin Madushan Kavikara (born 27 December 1989) is a Sri Lankan cricketer who has played for several teams in Sri Lankan domestic cricket. He is a left-arm orthodox bowler.  Having played for the Sri Lanka Schools XI in the 2007–08 Inter-Provincial Twenty20,[1] Kavikara represented the Sri Lanka under-19s at the 2008 Under-19 World Cup in Malaysia. He took eight wickets from five games, behind only Sachith Pathirana for Sri Lanka, with his best figures being 3/20 against Australia.[2] In January 2010, Kavikara represented the Sri Lankan under-21s in the cricket tournament at the 2010 South Asian Games, winning a silver medal.[3] He made his List A debut in December 2011, for the Lankan Cricket Club, but for the following season switched to Chilaw Marians.[4] Kavikara switched clubs again for the 2013–14 season, transferring to Badureliya Sports Club, for whom he made his first-class debut in January 2014.[5] "
Kendra Norman-Bellamy;" Kendra Norman (born December 17, 1966) is an African-American writer of Christian fiction and non-fiction Christian literature. Her novels are known and widely applauded for their positive male lead characters and their combined romantic and suspenseful story lines.  Kendra Norman is a native of West Palm Beach, Florida, but spent most of her formative years in southern Georgia. She graduated from Brooks County High School in Quitman, Georgia.  Kendra and her husband, Michael Holmes, share a blended family of two daughters and one son. Her first husband, Jimmy (whose last name was also Holmes - no relation to Michael) died. She and Jimmy married at St. Paul African Methodist Episcopal Church in Valdosta, GA when Kendra was 21 and Jimmy was 20.[1]  Shortly after their daughter Crystal was born, Jimmy was diagnosed with AIDS, possibly as the result of a blood transfusion.  He died on October 5, 1995, a few days before their 7th wedding anniversary, and in her grief, Kendra began to write.[1]  She crafted her first piece of poetry as an elementary school student, but Kendra did not grow to recognize her gift as a creative writer until 1999 when she began keeping a journal during the lingering heartache of the death of her husband.[2] Shortly thereafter, she wrote her first fictional manuscript, For Love & Grace, published in  2002.  She worked days, and in the evenings, she pursued higher education at Valdosta Technical College (Valdosta, Georgia), where she majored in Information Office Technology and graduated in 1997. There, she was inducted into the National Vocational Technical Honor Society.  She was given a computer as a college graduation gift.[1] Her life took many twists and turns during the years following Jimmy's death. Most of her true life experience is captured in two of her nonfiction published works, I Shall Not Die and The Path From Pain to Purpose, both of which are highly acclaimed books. Kendra eventually found true love again, and she and her current husband, Michael married in 2014. In 2017, Kendra and Michael jointly wrote a 31-day relationship devotional entitled Cross-Fire. It was her twenty-second published work and her husband's first. The book has received rave reviews from readers. Kendra went on to receive a Doctor of Divinity degree from St. Thomas Christian University in (Jacksonville, Florida) in 2019.  Kendra has appeared in a number of televised programs, including featured appearances on Atlanta LIVE (WATC TV 57's flagship program) and on BET's Lift Every Voice, where she was interviewed by the show's creator and former host, Gerard Henry.  She is a member of the Iota Phi Lambda sorority, and both she and her husband are ordained ministers. Together, they serve as Co-pastors of Deliverance Revival Church in central Georgia.  Previously writing under the name of Kendra Norman-Bellamy, she began officially writing under the name of Kendra Norman in 2013.  In addition to her own writing, Kendra is the founder and Creative Director of Royalty Publications LLC (formerly KNB Publications), an independent self-publishing house that produces the works of up-and-coming writers of Christian-based fiction, nonfiction, and poetry. She is also the visionary of The I.S.L.A.N.D. Movement, a motivational ministry whose name is an acronym for "I Shall Live And Not Die." Lastly, she is the creator and host of Royal Pen Network, a bi-weekly Internet radio show that showcases artists who use their gifts and talents to create motivational, inspirational, and/or educational materials.  She self-published her debut novel, For Love & Grace in 2002. The book was re-released in 2004 through BET Books.  Kendra gained national bestseller status when her third release, Crossing Jhordan's River (Moody Publishers/May 2005), peaked at #1 on Essence magazine's best sellers list for paperback fiction.  The majority of her works have been produced through three large book publishers: Moody Publishers (Lift Every Voice imprint), Kimani Press (New Spirit imprint), and Urban Books (Urban Christian imprint).  In 2020, Kendra became the first African American to hold the position of Managing Editor for Houston Home Journal newspaper in its 150-year history. In 2022, she stepped away from her corporate job and created her own faith-based newspaper, which is distributed nationally. The mission of The Royal Trumpet is to deliver inspiration, motivation, education and the good news of Jesus Christ to people across the world.  Her published works include:[3]  For Love & Grace (Guardian Books, 2002 / re-released BET Books, 2004) A Love So Strong (Moody Publishers, 2004) Thicker Than Water anthology (BET Books, 2005) Crossing Jhordan's River (Moody Publishers, 2005) Because of Grace (BET Books, 2005) The Midnight Clear anthology (KNB Publications, 2006) Three Fifty-Seven A.M. (Urban Books, 2006) One Prayer Away (Moody Publishers, 2006) In Greene Pastures (Urban Books, 2006) More Than Grace (BET Books, 2006) This Far By Faith anthology (Kimani, 2008) Battle of Jericho (Urban Books, 2008)[4] The Lyons Den (Urban Books, 2009) The Morning After (Urban Books, 2010) Fifteen Years (Moody Publishers, 2010) Song of Solomon (Urban Books, 2010) I Shall Not Die (KNB Publications, 2010 / re-released Royalty Publications, 2016) *non-fiction Upon This Rock (Urban Books, 2011) When Solomon Sings (Urban Books, 2012) The Path From Pain to Purpose (Royalty Publications, 2014) *non-fiction Blondeva's Boys (Royalty Publications, 2016) Cross-Fire (Royalty Publications, 2017) *daily devotional 2004: Best BET Romance of the Year, Shades of Romance Magazine 2004: Best Multi-cultural Christian Fiction Author, Shades of Romance Magazine 2004: Best Multi-cultural Christian Romance, Shades of Romance Magazine 2005: Best Christian Author, Memphis Black Writer's Conference 2006: African American Literary Award for Best Christian Fiction 2007: African American Literary Award for Best Romance 2008: African American Literary Award for Best Anthology 2008: African American Literary Award for Best Christian Fiction 2009: Best Anthology of the Decade, EDC Creations 2013: Georgia Excellence Award (Royalty Publications), Small Business Institute for Excellence in Commerce 2014: Trailblazer Award, I Inspire To Write Author Explosion 2022: Heritage Award, Jubilee of Reading Book Club Conference"
Henryk Jaskuła;" Henryk Jaskuła (22 October 1923 – 14 May 2020)[1] was a yachtsman, sailing captain, and electrical engineer. He was the first Pole to perform a single-handed non-stop circumnavigation of the globe.  He achieved it on the yacht Dar Przemyśla.  Jaskuła became the third man to circumnavigate the globe non-stop and single-handed on 20 May 1980, the day he returned to Gdynia.  He has two daughters: physicist Lidia Morawska and Aleksandra.[2]    This Polish biographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This article about an explorer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.  Polonia Restituta Officer's Cross"
Al McDonough;" James Allison McDonough (born June 6, 1950) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played 237 games in the National Hockey League and 200 games in the World Hockey Association.  McDonough was born in Hamilton, Ontario, but grew up in St. Catharines, Ontario.  This biographical article relating to a Canadian ice hockey winger born in the 1950s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Biographical information and career statistics from Eliteprospects.com, or Hockey-Reference.com, or The Internet Hockey Database v t e"
List of mayors in Canada;"  This is an index of various lists of mayors of Canadian municipalities.  Barrie (Ontario) Bedford (Nova Scotia) Brampton (Ontario) Brandon (Manitoba) Brantford (Ontario) Burlington (Ontario) Caledon (Ontario) Calgary (Alberta) Cambridge (Ontario) Cape Breton Regional Municipality (Nova Scotia) Charlottetown (Prince Edward Island) Dartmouth (Nova Scotia) Drummondville (Quebec) East York (Ontario) Edmonton (Alberta) Etobicoke (Ontario) Fort Frances (Ontario) Fort Saskatchewan (Alberta) Fredericton (New Brunswick) Gander (Newfoundland and Labrador) Gatineau (Quebec) Guelph (Ontario) Halifax (Nova Scotia) Halifax Regional Municipality (Nova Scotia) Hamilton (Ontario) Houston (British Columbia) Kenora (Ontario) Kingston (Ontario) Kitchener (Ontario) Langley City (British Columbia) Langley District Municipality (British Columbia) Lethbridge (Alberta) Lévis (Quebec) London (Ontario) Longueuil (Quebec) Lunenburg (Nova Scotia) Markham (Ontario) Medicine Hat (Alberta) Mississauga (Ontario) Moncton (New Brunswick) Montreal (Quebec) Moose Jaw (Saskatchewan) Newmarket (Ontario) Niagara Falls (Ontario) North Bay (Ontario) Oakville (Ontario) Oshawa (Ontario) Ottawa (Ontario) Penticton (British Columbia) Peterborough (Ontario) Pickering (Ontario) Qualicum Beach (British Columbia) Quebec City (Quebec) Red Deer (Alberta) Regina (Saskatchewan) St. Albert (Alberta) St. Catharines (Ontario) Saint John (New Brunswick) St. John's (Newfoundland and Labrador) Saint-Sauveur (Quebec) St. Thomas (Ontario) Saskatoon (Saskatchewan) Sault Ste. Marie (Ontario) Scarborough (Ontario) Shawinigan (Quebec) Sherbrooke (Quebec) Strathcona (Alberta, former) Sudbury (Ontario) Surrey (British Columbia) Thunder Bay (Ontario) Timmins (Ontario) Toronto (Ontario) Trois-Rivières (Quebec) Vancouver (British Columbia) Victoria (British Columbia) Waterloo (Ontario) Welland (Ontario) Whitchurch–Stouffville (Ontario) Whitehorse (Yukon) White Rock (British Columbia) Windsor (Ontario) Winnipeg (Manitoba) Woodstock (New Brunswick) Yellowknife (Northwest Territories)"
Ariel Rosada;" Javier Ariel Rosada (born 11 April 1978 in Campana, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina) is an Argentine midfielder. He is known for his uncompromising tackling and resolutely defensive playing style.  Rosada began to play professionally in Argentina in 1995 with Boca Juniors in the Argentine Primera División. In 1998, he joined the Dutch club AZ Alkmaar, but returned to Boca after one year. In the same year, he joined another Argentine team, Chacarita Juniors, in Primera B Nacional until 2003 when joined Newell's Old Boys in Rosario. In 2005, he left for the "Diablos Rojos", Toluca. He was then transferred from Celta to play for Boca Juniors.    This biographical article related to an Argentine association football midfielder born in the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. "Guardian statistics". Archived from the original on September 6, 2012. Retrieved September 16, 2009.{{cite web}}:  CS1 maint: bot: original URL status unknown (link) "Player Stats" (in Spanish). Archived from the original on 2011-07-16. Retrieved 2006-11-28. Argentine Primera statistics at Fútbol XXI (in Spanish) v t e"
Cohn House (Folsom, California);" The Cohn House in Folsom, California is a building, in the Queen Anne Shingle Style of Victorian architecture, built in the 1890s in  Folsom, California.  The Cohn House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.[1]  The listing includes an original house built in the 1860s.[2]    This article about a property in Sacramento County, California on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
Tino Scotti;"   Tino Scotti (16 November 1905 – 16 October 1984) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 65 films between 1940 and 1984. He was born in Milan, Italy, and died in Tarquinia, Italy.[1]  This article about an Italian actor or actress is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Fanfulla da Lodi (1940) La donna perduta (1940) - Asdrubale, il cameriere The Pirate's Dream (1940) - Il barbiere Non me lo dire! (1940) - Il matto Caravaggio (1941) Labbra serrate (1942) - Francesco Ugoletti Stasera niente di nuovo (1942) - Il comico del varietà Il fanciullo del West (1942) - Penna bianca Pazzo d'amore (1942) - Fegato La valle del diavolo (1943) - Olaf, il marinaio attendente In due si soffre meglio (1943) - Il maggiordomo Lively Teresa (1943) - Albertaccio Anything for a Song (1943) - Il maestro di musica The Last Wagon (1943) - Valentino Doriani, il comico Chi l'ha visto? (1945) Departure at Seven (1946) - Filippo Pian delle stelle (1946) Before Him All Rome Trembled (1946) - Mechanic Voglio bene soltanto a te (1946) - Pasqualino Biraghin (1946) Ritrovarsi (1947) Caterina da Siena (1947) Sono io l'assassino (1948) A Dog's Life (1950) - (uncredited) The Knight Has Arrived! (1950) - Il Cavaliere Milano miliardaria (1951) - Il cavaliere Luigi Pizzigoni The Reluctant Magician (1951) - Cavaliere The Passaguai Family (1951) - Commendator Billetti Solo per te Lucia (1952) I morti non pagano tasse (1952) - Marco Vecchietti / Giovanni Rossi Il tallone di Achille (1952) - Cav. Achille Rosso Fermi tutti... arrivo io! (1953) - Andreanovic / Zanzara Viva la rivista! (1953) Siamo tutti Milanesi (1953) If You Won a Hundred Million (1953) - Ambrogio (segment "Il tifoso") Laugh! Laugh! Laugh! (1954) - comm. Rossi I pinguini ci guardano (1956) Valeria ragazza poco seria (1958) - Clemente Via col para... vento (1958) Destinazione Sanremo (1959) - Capostazione Guardatele ma non toccatele (1959) - Portiere d'albergo Gastone (1960) - The conjurer The Sheriff (1960) - The Judge ...And Suddenly It's Murder! (1960) - Fiorenzo Le ambiziose (1961) - Il commendator Bartolazzi Bellezze sulla spiaggia (1961) Twist, lolite e vitelloni (1962) - Barone Lanciarossa L'assassino si chiama Pompeo (1962) - The Psychoanalyst Il medico delle donne (1962) Un marito in condominio (1963) - Commendator Martino Martini Canzoni in... bikini (1963) - Ulderico & Simone Berardelli Marinai in coperta (1967) - Comm. Pellegatti Isabella, duchessa dei diavoli (1969) - Melicour The Howl (1970) - Intellectual at school The Spider's Stratagem (1970) - Costa Sesso in testa (1974) - Totuccio Angeletti City Under Siege (1974) - Il cavalier Battista Paolo il freddo (1974) - Commendator Galbusera Todo modo (1976) - Il cuoco Care amiche mie (1981)"
Stevenson;" Stevenson is an English language patronymic surname meaning "son of Steven". Its first historical record is from pre-10th-century England.[2] Another origin of the name is as a toponymic surname related to the place Stevenstone in Devon, England.[3] There are variant spellings of the name, including Stephenson.  Notable people sharing this surname include:  Middle name:  Extended families:  Adonis Stevenson (born 1977), Canadian boxer Alexander Campbell Stevenson (1802–1889), American politician and physician Alexandra Stevenson (born 1980), American tennis player Anne Stevenson (1933–2020), American-British poet Anita Stevenson, English table tennis player B. W. Stevenson (1949–1988), American country pop singer and musician Ben Stevenson (disambiguation) Cal Stevenson (born 1996), American baseball player Carter L. Stevenson (1817–1888), American soldier Charles Stevenson (disambiguation) Coke Stevenson (1888–1975), American politician, Governor of Texas 1941–47 Collette Stevenson (born 1969), Scottish politician Dani Stevenson (born 1980), American R&B singer DeShawn Stevenson (born 1981), American basketball player D. E. Stevenson (1892–1973), Scottish author Eric Stevenson (disambiguation) Fox Stevenson (born Stanley Stevenson Byrne, 1993), English music producer Frank A. Stevenson (born 1970), Norwegian computer game developer and cryptographer Harold Stevenson (1929–2018), American painter Helen Stevenson (artist) (fl.1920–1935), Scottish artist and printmaker Henry Stevenson (1867–1945), Scottish rugby player and cricketer Hilda Stevenson (1893–1987), Australian philanthropist Ian Stevenson (1918–2007), Canadian psychiatrist and reincarnation researcher James Stevenson (died 1805), East India Company officer Jane Stevenson (born 1959), British historian Jane Stevenson (born 1971), British Member of Parliament elected 2019 Jessica Hynes (née Stevenson) (born 1972), English writer and actress Jocelyn Stevenson, writer and producer John Stevenson (disambiguation) J. J. Stevenson (1831–1908), British architect of the late-Victorian era Juliet Stevenson (born 1956), English actress Katharine Lente Stevenson (1853–1919), American reformer, missionary, editor Kimberly Stevenson, American businesswoman Laura Stevenson (born 1984), American singer-songwriter Leigh Stevenson (1895–1989), Canadian air marshal Lewis Stevenson (disambiguation), a number of individuals with the name Llanchie Stevenson, African-American ballet dancer Marquez Stevenson (born 1998), American football player Monica Lisa Stevenson (born 1967), American gospel musician Morris Stevenson (1943–2014), Scottish footballer Parker Stevenson (born 1952), U.S. television actor Ray Stevenson (political activist) (1919–2004), Canadian writer and political activist Ray Stevenson (born 1964), Northern Irish actor Rhamondre Stevenson (born 1998), American football player Robert Stevenson (disambiguation), a number of individuals with the name Ronald Stevenson (1928–2015), Scottish composer Ronald Stevenson (cricketer) (1938–1999), Scottish cricketer Ryan Stevenson (disambiguation), a number of individuals with the name Sarah Hackett Stevenson (1841–1909), American physician Susan N. Stevenson, American diplomat Savannah Stevenson (born 1983), English musical theatre actress Stewart Stevenson (born 1946), Scottish politician Teófilo Stevenson (born 1952), Cuban boxer Thyra Stevenson (1944–2020), American politician Toby Stevenson (born 1976), American pole vaulter Tom Stevenson (born 1951) British wine writer Tommy Stevenson (1914–1944), jazz trumpet player Trudy Stevenson (born 1944), Zimbabwean politician Venetia Stevenson (1938–2022), English-American actress Vernon K. Stevenson (1812–1884), American businessman William Bennet Stevenson (c. 1787 – c. 1830), British explorer James Stevenson Ewing (1835–1918), American lawyer and politician Willie Stevenson Glanton (1922–2017), American politician Stevenson family from Illinois Adlai Stevenson I (1835–1914), U.S. Vice President Adlai Stevenson II (1900–1965), American politician, governor of Illinois Adlai Stevenson III (born 1930), U.S. Senator from Illinois Lewis Stevenson (politician) (1868–1929), American politician from Illinois McLean Stevenson (1929–1996), actor Adlai Stevenson I (1835–1914), U.S. Vice President Adlai Stevenson II (1900–1965), American politician, governor of Illinois Adlai Stevenson III (born 1930), U.S. Senator from Illinois Lewis Stevenson (politician) (1868–1929), American politician from Illinois McLean Stevenson (1929–1996), actor Scottish family of (mostly) lighthouse engineers Alan Stevenson (1807–1865), lighthouse engineer Charles Alexander Stevenson (1855–1950), lighthouse engineer D. E. Stevenson (1892–1973), author David Stevenson (engineer) (1815–1886), lighthouse engineer David Alan Stevenson (1854–1938), lighthouse engineer Robert Stevenson (civil engineer) (1772–1850), lighthouse engineer Robert Alan Mowbray Stevenson (1847–1900), art critic Robert Louis Stevenson (1850–1894), author of Treasure Island and The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde Thomas Stevenson (1818–1887), lighthouse designer Alan Stevenson (1807–1865), lighthouse engineer Charles Alexander Stevenson (1855–1950), lighthouse engineer D. E. Stevenson (1892–1973), author David Stevenson (engineer) (1815–1886), lighthouse engineer David Alan Stevenson (1854–1938), lighthouse engineer Robert Stevenson (civil engineer) (1772–1850), lighthouse engineer Robert Alan Mowbray Stevenson (1847–1900), art critic Robert Louis Stevenson (1850–1894), author of Treasure Island and The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde Thomas Stevenson (1818–1887), lighthouse designer Scottish family with links to Tyneside Flora Stevenson (1839–1905) education reformer J. J. Stevenson (1831–1908), architect James Cochran Stevenson (1825–1905) chemical manufacturer and Member of Parliament Louisa Stevenson (1835–1908), campaigner for women's causes Nathaniel Stevenson (1840–1811), General and Governor of Guernsey James Stevenson-Hamilton (1867–1957), 16th of Fairolm and Kruger National Park ranger Hilda Runciman (1869–1956), MP for St. Ives, 1928–1929 Flora Stevenson (1839–1905) education reformer J. J. Stevenson (1831–1908), architect James Cochran Stevenson (1825–1905) chemical manufacturer and Member of Parliament Louisa Stevenson (1835–1908), campaigner for women's causes Nathaniel Stevenson (1840–1811), General and Governor of Guernsey James Stevenson-Hamilton (1867–1957), 16th of Fairolm and Kruger National Park ranger Hilda Runciman (1869–1956), MP for St. Ives, 1928–1929 Stephenson Steffensen"
